Turn left and face the dresser.
Turn left, look and then face the lamp.
Pick up the alarm clock and turn on the lamp.
Pick up the clock from the back of the dresser.
Holding the clock, turn on the lamp.
Turn to the right and then right again to face the white desk.
Go right and face the white cabinet with the lamp.
Turn a lamp on with a clock in hand.
Pick up the clock that is on the window ledge. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the small stand. 
Turn around, walk forward toward the night stand and turn right and walk to the alarm clock on the desk.
Turn right and walk forward to the lamp on the small night stand near the wall.
Examine an alarm clock by the light of a lamp on a night stand.
Pick up the alarm clock that's in front of you.
Turn on the light.
Turn left and head to the desk, then turn right then left
Turn around, then turn right and go to the bed, then turn right
Examine the round container by the light of the lamp on the desk
Pick up the alarm clock that's in front of you.
Turn on the light that's on the desk.
Turn around and walk back to the dresser along the wall.
Carry the clock and turn around, then left and find the desk.
Hold a clock and turn on a lamp.
pick up the clock on the desk
turn on the light on the top shelf on the desk
Move to the desk at the foot of the bed
Move to the left side of the desk
Inspect a clock under a lamp.
Pick up the clock sitting on the top desk shelf to the right
Turn on the lamp sitting on the top desk shelf
Turn left and walk to the desk.
Turn around, walk to the wall, turn left, and walk to the lamp.
Examine a clock under the lamp.
Pick up the clock from the back left corner of the desk.
Turn on the small lamp on the right side of the dresser.
Cross the room, hang a right at the door and walk to the wooden desk ahead.
Turn around, hang a left at the door and walk to the small wooden dresser near the window.
Examine a clock by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the alarm clock from the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk in the direction of the three black chairs, hang a right to stand facing the brown clock on the left side of the small round table with a lamp on it
Pick up the clock from the table
Turn right and go to the clock to the left of the plant
Turn right, walk around the bed to the table with the lamp on it
Look at a clock by the light of a lamp
Pick up the clock towards the back on top of the desk
Turn on the lamp
Move to the wooden desk to the left of the large bedroom window
Carry the clock over to the opposite end of the desk where the desk lamp is
Carry a clock while turning on a lamp
Pick up the alarm clock from the desk which is to the left of the laptop.
Turn on the lamp.
walk ahead towards the left side of the computer desk
turn around and walk over to the right side of the desk
turn the light on the desk on while holding a power bank
Take the black object to the right of the chair.
Turn the lamp on that is on the table.
Look down at the dresser.
Turn around, go forward to the wall, turn right, go forward to the night stand.
Inspect a clock near a lit lamp.
Pick up the black clock to the right of the sets of keys on the dresser.
Turn on the small lamp on the left corner of the nightstand.
Turn around and then turn right. Locate the small brown table in the corner.
Pick up the clock from the right side of the table.
Turn to the right, step closer to the desk. 
Turn to the right, walk to the desk across the room. 
View the black and brown object in the light. 
pick up the alarm clock that is on the desk
turn the lamp on
Move over to the desk in front of the clock on the left. 
Bring the clock over to the desk next to the couch. 
Turn on the light. 
Pick up the clock on the edge of the table.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Turn to the right and walk to the door. Turn right at the door and walk to the right side of the desk. 
Turn to the left and walk to the bedside table with box in hand. 
Turn a lamp on. 
Pick up the box on the top shelf that is furthest to your right.
Turn on the lamp that is on the top shelf of the desk and to your right.
Turn left and go to the wall, then turn right to go to the nightstand.
Turn around and go forward, then turn left at the end of the bed, step forward, then turn right and go to the wall, then turn right to face the desk.
Look at a clock in the light of a lamp.
Turn the lamp on the desk on.
Take a clock from a desk with a lit lamp.
Pick up the clock that's in front of you.
Turn on the light.
walk to face bureau
walk to face left side of bureau
turn on light on bureau top while holding clock
pick up the clock that is on the dresser
turn the lamp on
turn around, walk over to the dresser in the far left corner
hold it up to the lamp
examine a clock with a lamp
Pick up the clock on top of the dresser
turn on the lamp
walk to face desk
turn left to face lamp on desk
turn on desk lamp with clock in hand
pick up the clock that is on the desk
turn the lamp on
Turn around completely, walk forward a few steps, then turn right and walk up to the nightstand. 
Turn around completely, walk forward a few steps, turn to the right, walk to the wall, then turn to the right to face the desk. 
Examine an alarm clock using the light of a lamp.
Pick up the clock on the table. 
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
turn to the left and go forward to the desk and turn to the right and take a step and turn to the left and take a step and go forward to the bat
turn to the opposite direction and take a step and turn to the right and go forward to the bed and turn to the right and take a step forward
turn on the lamp to examine the bat
Pick up the baseball bat to the right of the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to your right and walk to the baseball bat.
Turn around and walk to the desk with the green lamp on it.
Turn on the lamp while carrying a baseball bat.
Pick the bat up from the floor near the wall.
Turn the lamp on the night stand on.
Move to the mirror next to the bat on the ground.
Bring the bat to the lamp on the desk.
Examine the bat in by the light on the desk. 
On the floor, pick up the bat.
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the desk.
Turn to the left and move to the bat.
Bring the bat to the lamp on the table.
Turn on the lamp on the table. 
Pick up the basketball from the pet bed.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser. 
Turn around and walk towards the bean bag on the floor.
Turn around and walk towards the dresser.
Examine a basketball by the light of a lamp.
Pick up a basketball from the dog bed.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Turn around and go to the end of the bunk-bed to your right.
Turn around and go to the lamp an the top, left end of the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Pick the basketball up from the floor.
Turn on the light.
Walk forward, turn right, walk forward, turn right, stand in front of the basket ball.
Turn around, walk forward, stand in front of the garbage can.
Pick up the basketball from the floor to hold it above the trash can.
Pick up the basketball next to the box on the floor
Turn the lamp on
Turn left, walk to the basketball
Turn around, turn right, walk to the dresser with a lamp on it
Grab the basketball in the corner, turn on the lamp
Pick up the basketball from the floor, to the right of the box.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and walk around the end of the bed to the right side of the desk
Pick up the basketball from the floor
Examine the basketball under the light of the lamp
grab the basketball on the floor
turn on the lamp on the night stand
Walk few step straight, before passing the end of the bed turn to your left
Walk few step towards the table
Examine the ball by the light of the lamp
Pick up the basketball from the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk across the room to the window, then turn left to face the table.
Turn around and walk across the room to the desk.
To see the basketball in the light.
Pick the basketball up from under the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around to walk towards the nightstand.
Make a left to walk towards the dresser.
Pick up a book to look at under a lit lamp.
Turn right and pick up the book that is on the edge of the bed.
Turn on the lamp that is on top of the brown cabinet. 
Turn around and go forward and then to the right to stand in front of the dresser.
Turn around and go forward and then left to stand in front of the lamp on the desk.
Pick up a book and turn a lamp on.
pick up the book that is on the bed
turn the lamp on
Go forward to the desk.
Turn to the left and go to the left end of the desk with the lamp. 
With a textbook turn on a lamp
Pick up the book from the left side of the desk
Turn the lamp on
Walk towards the window across from you, and make a right before the wooden chair, then go to the desk on your left. 
Turn to your left and go to the left end of the desk. 
Turn on the desk lamp.
Pick up the book from the desk
Turn the lamp on
Turn to the right and face the bed.
Go to the right to face the night stand with the lamp.
Pick up a book and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the blue book that is sitting on the bed; the book that says Probabilistic Robotics
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the night stand 
Turn to the left and straight to face the bed.
Turn around, go to the left, and face the nightstand.
Turn on the lamp while holding the book.
pick up the blue book that is second from the right on the desk
turn on the table lamp on the desk
Go to the desk on your left.
Go around to the left side of the desk to face the lamp.
View a math book in the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the text book from the dresser. 
Turn on the lamp.
move to the bed to the right of you
move to the end table to the left of the desk
Inspect a book with a lamp.
pick up the light blue book on the book
turn on the lamp on the night stand
Turn left and walk up to left side of the foot of the bed. 
Walk over to the small round table to the left of the bed. 
Inspect a book using the light of a lamp. 
pick up the book that is on the table
turn the lamp on
walk over to the desk
take the book to the nightstand near the plant
get a book from the desk then turn the lamp on
Pick up the book sitting on the bed
Turn on the lamp
Move to the bed to the left of you
Move to the end table to the left of you
Inspect a book from the bed with a light.
Pick up the book on the bed
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the foot of the bed, on your right. 
Walk around the bed, to the night stand in the left corner of the bedroom. 
Turn the lamp on the night stand on while holding a book.
Pick up the book from the desk next to the teddy bear.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and cross the room and turn to the left to face the bed.
Turn to the right and face the desk.
Pick a book up and turn a lamp on.
pick up the book that is on the desk
turn the lamp on
Go to the right side of the bed. 
Go to the lamp on the dresser. 
Read a book by lamp light.
Pick up the book on the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the table.
Turn to the right and move towards the door then turn right and move to the center of the mat in front of the bed and then turn to the right. 
Turn around and move towards the tiled floor and then turn right and face the dresser.
Examine a book by the light of a lamp.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn a lamp on and pick up a book.
pick up the book from the bed
turn on the lamp
Turn left and go to the night stand that is to the left of the bed, then turn right and face the bed
Turn around and cross the room to the green trash can, then turn right and face the desk
Read a book by lamp light
pick up the bowl on the desk
turn the lamp light on
Walk to the garbage in front of you then turn right and walk to the black chair then step to your left and walk to the desk.
Turn around and take a step then turn left and walk to the white dresser that's to the left of the bed.
Inspect a bowl by lamp light.
Pick up the clear bowl that's above another clear bowl.
Turn on the light.
Turn around and face the desk behind.
Cross the room and stand in front of the cabinet with the lamp with a green shade.
Turn a lamp on with a bowl in hand.
Take the vase off of the top shelf above the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn right towards the desk.
Walk to the left side of the desk and stand to the left of the lamp on the desk.
Examine a bowl by the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the brown plate on the edge of the desk
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and cross the room and then turn left to face the desk.
Go left to stand at the left side of the desk.
Hold a bowl while turning a lamp on.
pick up the glass bowl from the desk
turn on the light on the nightstand
Turn around and walk to the desk.
Turn around and walk towards the dresser across the room.
Pick up a clear bowl to look at under the dresser lamp.
Pick up the bowl on the small desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Take  step to your left and head to the desk in front of you
Take a step to the left and stand in front of the table that is to the left of the desk; the one with the lamp
Examine a bowl under a lamp
Pick up the right most clear bowl from the desk
Turn on the lamp
Turn right and walk forward, then hang a right and walk up to the wooden desk.
Turn right and walk towards the bed, then turn left to face the small lamp on the desk.
Examine a wooden bowl in the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the bowl that's in front of you to the left of the chess board.
Turn on the light that's on the desk.
turn right towards the table
turn right towards the bed lamp
turn on the bed lamp while holding the plate
Pick up the bowl from the desk which is near the lamp.
Turn on the lamp which is on the night stand.
Turn right and head across the room to the desk in the corner of the room
Turn around and head forward, take a left at the couch and head forward to the night stand on the right side of the bed
Look at a bowl by the light of a lamp
Pick up the grey bowl to the right of the lamp
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on top of the night stand
walk straight and turn right when getting to the white desk. Stop at the dresser
turn around and then turn back around facing the dresser
pick up cup while turning on lamp that is on dresser
Pick up the bowl that is on the desk. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the desk.
Turn left, walk pass the sofa, turn left, walk to the end, turn left, walk to the sofa with a box on it
Turn around, walk to the black table by the window
Grab the box from the sofa, turn on the lamp on the table by the window
Pick up the brown box from the tan table.
Turn the lamp on that is on the brown side table.
Turn right, walk to the wall, then turn left and walk up to the table.
Move back from the table a bit.
Turn on a lamp while holding a cardboard box.
Pick up the box from the couch.
Turn on the lamp that is on the table.
Walk straight to the end of the rug and turn right then walk straight to the two brown end tables. 
Turn ninety degrees to the left and walk to the end table with the lamp on it. Face the lamp.
Walk from one room to another to pick up a brown box ending by turning the lamp on bright.   
Pick up the open box on the couch. 
Turn on the lamp on the table.
Walk through the opening keeping the pillar to your right and going straight to the two black stands.
Turn left and walk to the bean bag in the corner.
Pick up the box and turn on the lamp.
Pick up box from top of shelves.
Turn on lamp on table next to credit card.
Walk forward and turn left in between the couch and the white coffee table.
Carry the box to the small white table next to the green chair.
Pick up the box and turn the light on.
Pick the box up from the table.
Turn the lamp on the table on.
Walk ahead to the box on the floor.
Turn around and walk to the desk.
Look at a box by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the box that's in front of you on the floor.
Turn on the light that's to your right.
Hang a left at the bed and walk to the cardboard box on the floor.
Turn around and walk to the wooden table with the small lamp ahead.
Examine a box by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the open box from the ground.
Turn on the table lamp.
Turn right and head towards the box on the floor.
Turn left and head towards the desk on your right.
Examine a box by the light of a lamp.
Turns right goes to the wall, turns around and picks up an open box.
Turns the light on sitting on the bedside table.
Turn around and face the ground
Turn around and go to the desk
Turning on a lamp while holding a cardboard box
pick up box from floor
turn on lamp on desk
Step back from the wall, and over to your right so that you are in front of the cardboard box on the floor. 
Turn around and go to the desk across from you. 
Turn on the desk lamp.
pick up box underneath of the desk 
turn on the lamp on the desk
Move to the right side of the large wooden desk facing the box under the desk
Carry the box to the right facing the lamp on the right of the desk
Carry a box while turning on a lamp
pick up the box from under the desk
turn on the lamp on the desk
turn around and walk to the corner at the end of the room
turn right and walk to the desk to the left of the bed at the end of the room
turn on a lamp while holding a box
pick up box from floor
turn on lamp on night table
Walk forward to the wall, turn right and walk up to the wall. 
Turn to the right and walk over to the nightstand that is to the left of the bed. 
Examine a cardboard box using the light of a lamp. 
Pick the cardboard box up off of the dining table.
Turn the lamp off.
Move towards the side of the table nearest to the wall.
Turn around and move toward the wall then turn right and move to the floor lamp next to the burgundy couch and look up at the lampshade.
Examine a cardboard box better by turning off the light from a floor lamp.
Pick the box up from the cabinet.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn left and walk toward the white door, then turn left and approach the wooden shelf 
Turn around and walk across to the floor lamp in the opposite corner
Examine the box under the light of the floor lamp
pick up the box from the top of the shelf case
turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and walk forward to the empty box on the table.
Turn right and walk forward to the front of the floor lamp.
Examine an empty box by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the box on the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left, then turn right, then turn right to face the end of the table.
Turn around, walk to he table, then go right, then turn right at the end of the couch, near the lamp.
Examine a box in the light.
take the empty box
turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and take one step then turn to your left and face the glass table in front of you
Turn to your right and cross the room, then turn right and face the tall lamp that is to the left of the chair
Examine a candle under a tall lamp
pick up candle from the TV stand
turn on the lamp
Walk straight to the door, turn left to face the couch, walk straight to the sofa seat, turn around to face the coffee table.
Turn right, walk straight, turn left, walk straight to the television stand and turn right to face the floor lamp.
Turn on the floor lamp with a candle in hand.
Pick up the candle from the table.
Raise the candle up to the lamp shade to turn on the lamp.
Turn to your left and walk to the small circular table in the corner.
Turn to your left and walk to the big lamp in the corner.
Investigate a candle using the light of a big lamp.
Pick up the candle which is to the right of the empty box.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk forward to the left side of the L-shaped desk
Turn right and walk across the room to the small dresser by the door
Examine the CD under the light of the table lamp
Take the CD next to the lamp off the table. 
Turn the lamp on. 
Move to the desk to the left of the bed
Move to the left side of the desk
Inspect a CD with a lamp on the desk.
pick up the CD from the desk
turn on the lamp on the top desk shelf
Move to the wooden desk behind the bed
Carry the CD to the desk on the right
Turn on a lamp while holding a CD
Pick up the CD on top of the left of the night stand
Turn on the lamp
Turn right and walk to the dresser by the bed.
Take a step right.
Look at a CD by the light of a lamp.
pick up the cd that is on the table
turn the lamp on
Go straight to the window.
Turn to the right.
View a CD by the light of a lamp.
Grab the disc on the table
Turn on the lamp on the table
walk towards the desk that is on the right
turn around 180 degrees, then turn right and stop at the next desk
Take a CD to a new desk
Pick up the CD to the rear of the keys and to the left of the remote control on the desk.
Turn on the desk lamp next to the keys on the desk.
Move to the table with the lamp.
Pick up the CD from behind the clock. 
Turn around, go straight to the desk.
Turn right, go to the end of the desk before the bed, turn left towards the desk.
Inspect a CD by a lit lamp.
Pick up the CD on top of the TV stand
Turn on the lamp
Turn to face the CDs on the desk.
Walk to the right of the desk where the lamp is.
Look at a CD by the light of a lit lamp.
Open the top drawer of the night stand, remove the CD, shut the drawer
Turn on the lamp
Turn left and walk to the bed then turn right and walk to the dresser then take a step to your left.
Turn right and walk past the bed then turn right and walk to the wall then turn right and walk to the small night stand.
Inspect a cd by lamp light.
turn on the lamp on the night stand
turn on the lamp on the night stand, grab the disc on the right
Pick up the disc from the dresser.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and walk ahead to the door, then turn right and face the mirror.
Pick up the CD on the counter.
Turn left and walk forward, then turn left again and walk towards the door, turn right and walk up to the dresser.
Turn left and walk forward, then turn right and walk up to the mirror, turn right again to face the end of the dresser.
Examine a disc in the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the silver disc to the left of the book on the dresser.
Turn on the small lamp.
Turn and go to the bench that is in front of the window.
With the CD in hand turn and go to the desk.
Get CD to turn the light on.
Grab the CD on the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the desk on your left. 
Bring the CD to the left side of the desk by the lamp.
Examine the CD in the light of the lamp on the desk. 
Pick the disc up from the desk.
Turn the lamp on.
Go past the bed on the right to the nightstand on the left of the bed.
Turn and go around the bed to the opposite side to the nightstand.
Look at a disk by the light of the lamp.
Pick up the CD on the dresser.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Turn left and head to the bed, hang a left at the bed and make a quick left to face the brown dresser
Turn left and walk a few steps then hang right and make a quick right to face the side of the dresser
Look at a cd by the light of a lamp
Pick up the disc from the trash can.
Hold the disc and turn on the lamp.
Turn to the left to face the dresser.
Hold the disc and take a step left.
Turn on the lamp while holding a disc.
pick up the disk from the desk
turn on the lamp
Cross the room and face the dresser in the corner with the lamp.
Move to the left and face the lamp on the dresser.
Pick up a disc and turn the lamp on.
Pick up the CD from the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left then walk towards the desk, turn left then head towards the trash can.
Turn right then heads the desk against the wall.
Take the CD out of the trash and turn the lamp on. 
Pick up the CD from the trash bin
Turn on the small lamp on the desk
move forwards to the bed, then take a left and walk over to the desk
move to the right a bit and face the desk again
turn the lamp on on the desk while holding a cellphone
Pick up the phone to the left of the lamp.
Turn on the lamp.
turn left, walk towards table, stand facing the table
turn right, move to the end of table in front of lamp
take a phone to the lamp to examine it in the light
Pick up the cell phone closest to the edge of the chair. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn right, walk to the wall, turn right again, walk to the mirror, then turn right again to face the side of the chair. 
Turn right, walk a few steps, turn left, walk forward a bit, then turn left to face the desk.
Examine a cell phone using the light of a lamp. 
Pick up the smartphone on the desk.
Turn on the lamp that is on the desk.
Turn around and take one step, then turn to the right and walk to the desk.
Turn to the left and take one step, then turn to the right to face the desk.
Look at the cell phone in the lamp light.
Pick the phone up from behind the computer.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and walk to the right of the blue bed.
Look up on the upper shelf of the desk.
Pick up the phone and turn on the lamp.
Pick up the phone on the table
Turn on the lamp
Turn left over to the couch, then turn left and walk up to the foot stool.
Turn around and walk forward, then turn right and walk towards the wall, turn right again and walk up to the tall lamp in the corner of the room.
Examine a phone in the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the cell phone from the coffee table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn to the left and take two steps, then turn right and take two steps, then turn right and take two steps, then turn right to face the table. 
Turn left and take one step, then turn left and walk across the room. 
To look at the cell phone in the light. 
Pick the phone up from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Move to the table in the small room.
Bring the phone to the lamp in the corner of the other room.
Examine the phone in the light of the lamp. 
Grab the phone on the cabinet
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk up to the TV stand
Turn around and approach the floor lamp in the corner of the room
Examine the cell phone under light of the floor lamp
Pick up the phone to the right of the purple cushion on top of the sofa
Turn on the lamp
Move to the square wooden coffee table on top of the rug
Carry the phone to the floor lamp next to the window
Turn on the floor lamp while carrying a phone
Pick up the cell phone from the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn right and walk towards the middle dresser at the opposite side of the room.
Turn right and walk towards the tall lamp.
Examine a cell phone next to the light of the tall lamp.
Pick up the cell phone that's laying next to the keys. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk to the cloth on the floor by the empty box.
Turn around and walk across the room to the lamp on the desk.
Examine a cloth by the light of a desk lamp.
pick up the blue towel from the floor
turn the lamp on
Move to the left and pick up the white rag on the ground. 
Turn around and bring the rag to the lamp on the desk.
Examine the white rag by the light of the lamp on the desk. 
Pick up the cloth from the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk one step then turn left and walk so you are standing looking at the window.
Turn around then walk to the wall then turn right and walk to the nightstand.
Turn on a light as you hold a green washcloth.
Pick up the green rag below the window. 
Turn on the light on the table. 
Turn around and walk up to the window by the waste basket
Walk across the room and around the bed to the night stand
Examine the green cloth under light of the table lamp
Pick up the credit card next to the set of keys.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the desk.
Bring the card to the lamp on the desk.
Examine a credit card by the light of the lamp on the desk. 
Pick up the credit card from the left side of the desk
Turn on the lamp on the right side of the desk
Turn to the left and move to the wood dresser against the wall to the left of the window.
Turn left, move towards the door, then turn right and then move to and face the end of the dresser closest to the closet door.
Examine a credit card using the light from a table lamp.
Head to the dresser
Turn on the lamp
Walk to the right of the desk and turn around to face it.
Walk to the side of the desk where the lamp is.
Look at a credit card by the light of a lamp.
pick up the credit card behind the book on the couch
turn the lamp on
Hang a right to reach the other side of the room, turning left at the fireplace to reach the coffee table.
Walk around the couches to the far corner of the room to the tall lamp.
Pick up a credit card to look at under a lit tall lamp.
Pick up the red credit card on the chair
Turn on the floor lamp
turn right and walk forwards to the coffee table in front of the sofa, but then turn left and walk over to the couch
turn around and walk to the end of the room, then turn left and walk over to the lamp to the right of the TV at the end of the room
turn on a lamp while holding a credit card
pick up the credit card on the coffee table
turn on the lamp
Make a left, a right to walk through to the next room, all the way to the other side to reach the TV set.
Walk towards the lamp right next to the TV set.
Look at a credit card under a tall lit lamp.
Pick the credit card up from the chair.
Turn the lamp near the wall off.
Head pass the couch then right towards the tall black lamp and small round table next to the tan couch.
Step over to your left to the tall lamp.
To pick up the red credit card and turn the tall lamp off. 
Pick up the credit card that is on the kitchen table.
Turn off the floor lamp that is in front of you.
Turn around, move forward, then turn left to face the shelves.
Turn right, then go forward to approach the lamp.
Examine a credit card in the light.
Take the credit card in the center from the black couch.
Turn on green lamp.
Walk forward to the side table with the plant on it
Turn left and walk over to the floor lamp near the recycling bin
Examine the credit card under light of the floor lamp
Pick up the credit card sitting on the table.
Turn on the lamp while holding the card up.
Turn around, go to the foot stool in front of the chair.
Turn right, go to the black stand next to the piano.
Inspect a credit card near a lit lamp.
Pick up the credit card nearest the ottoman from the chair.
Turn on the floor lamp.
turn left, walk into the living room, keep turning left until you face the coffee table
turn left, walk forward, turn right at the wall, walk forward, turn left when you see the lamp between the two tables
pick up the red credit card and turn on the lamp
Pick up the red debit card that is sitting on the dresser in between the two vases.
Turn on the lamp
Move to the left and stand in front of the chair with the book on it.
Go to the left and then face the lamp to the left.
Turn a lamp on with a credit card in hand.
Pick up the blue credit card on the couch. 
Turn on the tall lamp on the ground. 
Go to the entertainment center in front of you.
Turn right, move forward, turn right, move forward and go to the lamp.
Look at the credit card in lamp light.
Pick the credit card up from the couch.
Turn the lamp in the corner on.
Turn right then left to go around to the other side of the table. 
Turn around completely and go straight into the next room. Turn right and go to the far wall. Make another right to face the lamp.
With a credit card turn on the lamp. 
Pick up the credit card on the table.
Turn on the light.
Turn to the right, go to the front of the brown shelf with the cardboard box on it.
Turn to the left, go across the room, turn to the left and go to the lamp.
Pick up a credit card and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the blue credit card from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Cross the room, hang a left at the wall and walk to the green chair with black arms.
Turn right and walk to the tall lamp on the left.
Examine a credit card by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the red credit card from the right side of the table.
Turn on the tall lamp.
go to the red chair
take the card to the lamp
look at the credit card under the lamp
Pick up the credit card from the sofa.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the wooden brown side table against the wall
Carry the blue credit card over to the floor lamp in the corner of the room
Hold a credit card while turning on a lamp
pick up the credit card that is on the chair
turn the lamp on
Turn left, move to the shelves in front of the TV.
Turn left, move to the tall lamp.
Inspect a credit card by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the red credit card that is sitting on the couch to the right of the computer
Lift the credit card up to the lamp and then turn on the floor lamp
Move to your left so that you are in front of the television on your left. 
Turn to your left and go to the lamp in the corner to your right. 
Turn the living room lamp on. 
Pick up the credit card on the chair
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk across the room, then turn left and walk to the white chair, then turn left and walk to the table, then turn left and walk across the room, then turn left and walk to the table beside the couch. 
Turn around and take three steps, then turn right and take five steps, then turn right and walk across the room, then turn right and walk across the room. 
To look at the credit card in the light.
Pick up the blue credit card from the lower left corner of the table.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn right and walk to the center of the TV stand.
Turn around and veer left to the lamp in the left corner of the room.
Look at a credit card by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the credit card near the green candle. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn to your right and walk to the table near the sofa
Walk to the window that's behind the sofa
Sticking a credit card on a window
pick up credit card from table
turn on floor lamp
Turn to your right and walk around the brown lamp to face the coffee table in front of the couch. 
Turn to your right and walk back to the lamp beside the couch. 
Find your credit card and turn on the den lamp 
Pick up the credit card from the couch.
Use the credit card to turn on the lamp.
Move forward to the chair, turn right, go to the last chair on the right, next to the lamp.
Bring the credit card to the tall lamp, left of the chair.
Examine a credit card by the light of the tall lamp. 
Pick up the credit card from the couch.
Turn on the tall lamp.
walk straight then turn right towards the table
turn around and walk straight towards the table then turn right towards the tv and walk straight then turn right towards the lamp
pick up the credit card on the table and view it in the light of the lamp
Pick up the credit card that's on the chair.
Turn on the light please.
walk to the center of the couch
take the card over to the lamp
get a credit card from the couch and look at it under the lamp
Pick up the credit card on the edge of the table. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn around and walk to the black chair on the left.
Turn right and walk to the tall lamp to the left of the black couch.
Examine a credit card by the light of a tall lamp.
pick up the credit card off of the couch
turn the lamp light on 
Go forward and face the computer on the white cabinet with shelves.
Turn to the right and then right again and cross the room to face the lamp in the corner.
Pick up a credit card and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the credit card on the shelf. 
Turn on the lamp in the corner.
Go right and then turn to the right to face the table in front of the couch.
Go left and then left again to face the lamp in the corner.
Pick up a credit card and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the blue credit card from the right side of the table.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn around and face the wooden coffee table.
Turn right and circle around the coffee table to the right. Walk to the plant in the red container.
Pick up the credit card and turn on the lamp.
Turn on the lamp then look down at the table.
Inspect keys by lamp light.
turn the lamp on
examine keys with the lamp
turn the lamp on
examine keys with the lamp
Pick up the keys from the right of the pen on top of the dresser.
Turn on the lamp to the left of the pen on top of the dresser.
Go ahead to the dresser near the foot of the bed.
Stay at the dresser.
Inspect keys near a lit lamp.
Pick the keys up from off of the tv stand.
Turn the lamp on in the corner.
Turn around, turn left at the striped chair, turn right and face the left side of the couch. 
Turn right, turn right at the curtains, walk to the lamp and look up at it. 
Pick up the keys and turn on the lamp. 
pick up the keys that are on the TV stand
turn the lamp on
Turn to the left and then right. Turn left and left to face the coffee table.
Carry the keys and turn left and right to move past the coffee table. Turn right behind the chair to find the lamp in the corner.
Locate keys and turn on the lamp.
Pick up the keys from the cushion of the blue chair.
Turn the tall lamp on next to the box.
Make a left and then a right to walk through the other room until you reach the glass coffee table.
Turn around to walk around the chairs to reach the tall lamp next to the TV set.
Pick up some keys to look at them under a tall lit lamp.
pick up keys from top shelf
turn on lamp next to tv set
Make a right to walk to the glass table.
Turn around to hang a right towards the tall lamp.
Look at some keys by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the key chain from the table.
Turn off the lamp.
Make a right around the couches towards the tall lamp.
Turn to face the lamp.
Pick up the keys near the lamp to turn it off.
Pick up the keys on the couch. 
Turn on the lamp left of the couch. 
Head across the room to the long bookshelf  that is at the back of the room
Turn right and go to the tall, pink and black, floor lamp
Look at keys under a tall lamp
pick up the keys that are on the coffee table
turn on the lamp
Move across the room to the left side of the TV stand
Carry the keys to the floor lamp in the corner of the room
Carry keys while turning on a lamp
Pick up the key chain from the chair.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to face the ottoman.
Make a right to walk towards the tall lamp.
Pick up the keys to look at under a lit tall lamp.
Pick up the keys from the right side of the black table.
Hold the keys and turn on the lamp.
turn right and walk to the TV, then take a right and walk over to the desk to the right of the piano against the wall
move to the right a bit and look up at the lamp against the wall
turn on a lamp while holding keys
pick up the keys sitting on top of the sofa
Turn on the floor lamp
Go to the footstool in the middle of the room.
Take the keys to the light in the corner of the room.
Take the keys from the footstool at the middle of the room, put them on the switch of the light in the corner of the room turn the light on while doing so.
Grab the key chain on the sofa
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn right towards the key chains on the sofa.
Turn left and walk to the tall lamp in the corner to the left of the sofa.
Examine a key chain by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the set of keys that are on the top shelf. 
Turn on the floor lamp.
Turn right and cross the room then hang a left and walk forward, turn left right before the doorway to face the little black end table next to the couch
Head across the room to the tall floor lamp that is past the couch
Examine a set of keys under a tall lamp
Turn left then turn right then turn left walk to the green table.
Turn right then turn left then turn right then turn left go straight to the lamp turn it on put the keys on the lamp
Go to yellow couch to the left
Go to lamp to the left
Pick up keys, turn on lamp
Pick up the key chain from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn right, walk past the coffee table, then turn right and go to the chair on your left.
Turn right and go to the lamp in the corner.
Look at keys using the lamp.
grab the keys from the sofa.
Examine the keys using the lamp light.
Move right then forward facing the keys on the left side of the blue sofa
Carry the keys over to the large floor lamp by the window
Move the keys while turning on a lamp
Pick up the keys to the left of the remote.
Turn on the lamp.
take a few steps forward and turn to the left and take a step and turn to the right and go to the chair and turn to the right facing a table 
turn to the right and go to the end of the table and turn to the right and go to the floor lamp
Examine a set of keys by the light of a floor lamp
Pick up the set of keys from the left side of the couch next to the green pillow.
Turn on the tall lamp.
walk straight towards the door and then turn left and walk towards the wall and turn left then turn right and walk towards the table then turn right then turn left and turn left again towards the table
turn left towards the chair then turn left again and walk straight then turn right towards the lamp
pick up the keys on the table and view them in the lamp light
Grab the left keys.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn right and walk, then turn right again to face the TV.
Turn right and look up at the lamp.
Turn on the lamp while holding the keys.
Pick the keys up from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around to walk across the room to the middle of three tables against the wall.
Turn right and walk forwards to reach the tall lamp in the corner.
Look at some keys under a lit tall lamp.
pick up the keys off of the table
turn the lamp light on
Turn around and head toward the couch with the set of keys on top.
Turn left, head toward the window, and turn right facing the lamp in the corner.
Examine a set of keys by the light of a tall lamp.
Take the keys from the drawer in the end table.
Turn the lamp on.
Go past the couch and dining table to the shelf's on the wall, behind the couch.
Turn to you right and go to the lamp in the left corner, across the room. 
Turn a lamp on in the living room.
pick up the keys that are on smaller round table
turn the lamp on
Turn to the left, walk forward a few steps, then turn left again and walk over to face the front of the couch.
Turn to the left, walk to the end of the couch, hang a right, then make another right to walk behind the couch, and walk across the room to the floor lamp.
Examine a set of keys under the light of a lamp. 
Pick up the keys on the round table. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and go to the small table by the wall. 
Turn left and head to the window.
Turn on the lamp. 
Pick up the keys you see on the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk to the laptop on the sofa in front of you.
Walk slightly to the left to the front of the lamp on the desk.
Examine a laptop by the light of a desk lamp.
Close the laptop that is on the couch and pick it up. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the small table. 
Move to the large tan sofa to the right of the wooden end table
Carry the laptop to the brown side table where the lamp is
Turn on a lamp while carrying a laptop
Pick up the laptop that is on the left side of the bed
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on top of the dresser
Turn left and face the bed.
Turn left and walk around the bed to the dresser.
Pick up the laptop and turn on the lamp.
Shut the lid of the laptop and pick it up from the bed.
Holding the laptop, turn on the lamp on top of the dress.er
Turn right, proceed across room.  Turn right to face bed.
Turn right, proceed to end of bed, turn left, proceed to window.  Turn right to face desk.
Pick up laptop and turn on lamp.
close the computer that is on the bed, pick it up
turn the lamp on
turn right, take two steps, turn left to face bed
turn around to face the desk
examine a computer with a lamp
Close the laptop and pick it up from the bed. 
Turn on the lamp while still holding the laptop.
Go to the right, head to the bed
Turn left, head to the lamp
Pick up the computer, turn on the lamp
close the laptop and pick it up
turn the lamp on
Turn left and walk to the wooden dresser on the right.
Turn around and hang a right at the wall to reach the nightstand next to the bed.
Examine a laptop computer by the light of a small lamp.
Close the laptop and pick it up please.
Turn on the light that's on the night stand.
Make a right to walk to the bed.
Make a left and walk around the bed to the nightstand on the left of the bed.
Pick up a laptop on the bed to look at under a lamp.
close the computer that is on the bed, pick it up
turn the lamp on
Turn to the right and stand in front of the bed.
Go left and then turn to the right to face the lamp on the white dresser.
Pick a computer up and turn a lamp on.
close the notebook computer and pick up the notebook computer from the bed
turn on the lamp on the night stand
go to the side of the bed closest to you standing in front of the nightstand
turn to the right to face the nightstand
take the computer from the bed to turn on the lamp
Pick up the laptop on top of the bed
Turn on the lamp
Turn left, walk straight, Turn left towards the laptop.
Turn left, turn left toward the trash can, Turn right, Walk to the lamp
Pick up a laptop then turn on the lamp
Pick up the computer nearest to you on the bed.
Turn on the lamp.
go to the desk
take the computer to the lamp
take the computer to the lamp to examine
Pick up the laptop from the desk
Turn on the lamp
Move to the brown desk top
Carry the laptop to the floor lamp in the corner of the room
Turn on a lamp while holding a laptop
Pick up the laptop from the sofa.
Turn off the lamp.
Turn around, turn left, walk to the red sofa with a computer on it
Turn around, walk around the sofa to the floor lamp
Grab the computer from the sofa, turn off the floor lamp
Pick up the computer on the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right, go forward to the shelves, turn right, go forward to the plant, turn left, go forward to the table with the lap top.
Turn around, go forward, turn right before reaching the box on the left side, go forward between the coffee table and couch to the wall, turn right to face the lamp in the corner.
Inspect a lap top near a lit lamp.
Close the laptop on the couch and then pick up the laptop. 
Turn on the lamp. 
turn around, walk to the white table, turn around the table to the other side
turn right, walk to the floor lamp
grab the computer on the table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the laptop that is next to the keys.
Turn on the lamp that is next to the chairs.
Turn around and walk across the room to the white chair, then turn right and walk around the coffee table, then make a left and walk to the white couch. 
Turn around and walk to the other side of the room. 
To look at the laptop in the light. 
Take the computer from on top of the shelf. 
Turn on the lamp.
Move slightly right then turn left to face back toward the right side of the dark sofa
Turn left and walk to the floor lamp in the corner left of the sofa
Look at the laptop under the light from the floor lamp
Pick up the white coffee mug that is sitting on the right side of the dresser
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the dresser
move to the dresser at the foot of the bed
move to the left of the dresser
Inspect a mug with a lamp.
Pick up the mug near the CD.
Turn on the lamp in the corner of the desk.
turn to the left twice and go to the wall and turn to the right and go the desk chair
pick up the dark mug from the desk
Move to the wood desk that is to the left of the silver trash can
Turn around in a full circle until you are facing the desk again
Pick up a mug from a desk and turn on the lamp
Grab the newspaper on the sofa
Turn on the lamp on the end table
Turn right, head towards the middle of the room, then turn left towards the gray sofa.
Turn around, head towards the middle of the room, turn left towards the wall, and then turn left towards the circle table with the lamp.
Read the newspaper by the light of the lamp.
Pick up the newspaper from the table.
Turn on the lamp on the small table.
Turn to the left to face the table.
Turn around to the left and walk to the side table that is to the left of the couch in the corner of the room.
Turn on a lamp while holding a newspaper.
Pick up the newspaper from the bottom shelf of the console table. 
Turn on the lamp on the end table. 
Walk forward to the chair, turn to the left, and walk to the table that is in the corner of the room.
Turn to the left, walk to the furthest wall, turn to the right, and walk to the end table.
Turn on a lamp while holding a newspaper. 
Pick the newspaper up from the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and walk to the coffee table then take a step to you right and walk to the white chair and take a step to your right.
Pick up the newspaper.
Turn around and walk straight, veering right after the couch to the coffee table.
Turn left and walk to the TV stand, then turn left again and walk to the table in the corner of the room.
Look at a newspaper by the light of a lamp.
pick up the newspaper sitting on the end table
turn on the light
turn left, go to brown dresser with television on the right
turn right, go left at end of dresser, go to small table with lamp to the left
pick up newspaper, turn on lamp
Pick up the newspaper on the night stand
Turn on the lamp
Hang a right at the wall and walk to the black chair ahead.
Turn right, hang a right at the fireplace and walk to the white side table next to the green chair on the left.
Examine a newspaper by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the newspaper off of the white table.
Turn on the light of the small lamp that is on the small table in front of you.
Turn right and walk to the coffee table.
Turn right and walk to the end table between the couch and the green chair.
Look at a newspaper under the light of a lamp.
Pick up the newspaper on the table.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Walk forward, then hang a left and walk over to the purple chair.
Turn left and walk over to the wall, then hang a right and walk up to the tall lamp in the corner of the room.
Examine a newspaper in the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the newspaper on the couch.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to the right, move forward toward the door, then turn to the right and face the coffee table.
Turn left and move towards the door then turn right and move towards the couch, then turn left towards the wall, and then turn right and move towards the floor lamp.
Examine a newspaper by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the newspaper from the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the TV.
Bring the newspaper to the lamp in the corner.
Examine the newspaper in the light of the lamp. 
Pick up the newspaper to the left on the chair
Turn on the lamp
turn right and walk over to the small table against the wall
turn left and walk forwards to the lamp in the corner of the room, then look up at the lamp
turn the lamp on while holding the newspaper
Pick up the newspaper that is on the edge of the table. 
Turn on the lamp.
turn around, walk to the chair
turn around, walk to the corner with a floor lamp
grab the newspaper from the chair, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the newspaper from the top of the cabinet
Turn on the floor lamp
turn to the right 
turn to the left two times and take one step forward and turn left and walk to the window and turn to the left
Turn on the lamp's light
Pick the newspaper up out of the trash can.
Turn the lamp on.
Go right and then right again before turning right to face the chair.
Go right and then left and turn right to face the lamp in the corner.
Pick up a newspaper and turn a lamp on.
Grab the newspaper off the loveseat.
Turn the lamp on.
walk over to the dining table
walk over to the lamp in the corner of the room
turn on a lamp while holding a news paper
Pick up the newspaper on the grey table.
Turn on the light in the corner.
Turn around and head towards the desk.
Turn right and head towards the night stand.
Examine a pen next to the light of a lamp.
Pick up the pen on the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to your right then face the side table on your right
Turn to your right and make a few step then face the lamp
Examine the pen on the light
Pick up the pen on the right side of the table.
Hold the pen and turn on the lamp.
Walk to the black chairs ahead, take a right, take a right at the wall and face the small round table. 
Pick up the pen that's in front of the remote. 
Turn around, walk forward to the front of the bed, then turn right and walk to the pen on the counter.
Turn around, walk forward all the way across the room to the chair, then turn right and walk to the lamp on the small table.
Examine a pen by the light of a lamp on a small table.
Pick up the pen from the floor by the desk in front of you.
Turn on the lamp on the desk in front of you.
Turn to the right, face the brown desk near the lamp
Turn to the right, walk forward, then turn to the left
Pick up the pen from the desk and turn on the light.
Pick up the pen that is on the left side of the dresser.
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the dresser. 
Turn to the left, and then the left again and face the short far side of the white dresser.
Pick up the pen from the right side of the dresser.
turn around and move to the shelf that is just below the window where the alarm clock is sitting
turn around and move to the bed, go around the bed and move toward the door, at the door turn right and move to the side of the dresser with the lamp, turn to face the lamp
examine a pen by the light of the lamp that is sitting on the dresser
Pick up the pencil.
Turn on the lamp.
Go towards the bed then turn right and go to the white table ahead of you. 
Turn around and walk across the room to the desk. 
Turn on the desk lamp. 
Pick up the blue pen on the white table.
Put the pen next to the smartphone on the wooden desk.
go the nightstand next to the bed
take the pencil to the other nightstand with the lamp
get the pencil and look at it under the lamp
pick up the pen that is on the table
turn the lamp on
turn left, take a step, turn right, walk forward, turn right to face the desk
take two steps to the left to face the lamp
examine a pen with the lamp
Pick up the pen from the dresser.
Turn the lamp with the green shade on.
Move to the right to face the right side of the dresser.
Move to the left and face the lamp on the dresser.
Pick up a pen and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the pen on the dresser.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Move to stand at the closest edge of the coffee table. 
Turn and move to stand in front of the lamp in the pink lamp in the corner. 
Turn the lamp on  in the corner. 
Grab the pen on the table
Turn on the lamp in the corner
Turn around and face toward the large white table
Turn around and walk up to the floor lamp by the sofa
Look at the pen under light from the floor lamp
Pick up the pen from the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Move across the room to the left side of the white table 
Carry the pen over to the floor lamp on the left side of the couch
Carry a pen while turning on a lamp
Pick up the yellow pencil that is on the desk.
Turn on the lamp that sits on the nightstand. 
Turn left and go to the nightstand
Move slightly to the right
Turning on the lamp while holding a pencil
Turn on the lamp.
Examine a pencil by the light of a desk lamp.
Turn on the lamp in the back, left corner of the desk. 
Pick up a pencil after turning the light on. 
pick up white pencil under key set from desk top
turn on desk lamp
Turn to the right and move to the desk on the opposite corner of the room.
Turn around and move to the garbage bin on the right side.
Move the pencil and hold it above the garbage bin.
Pick up the tiny pencil that's in front of you to the left of the statue on top of the desk.
Turn on the lamp that's on the desk to your right.
Turn right, go the the wall then left and go to the desk 
Turn around and to your right. Go to the window between the desk and bed.
Put the pencil on the basket next to desk. 
Pick up the blue pencil on the edge of the black ledge
Turn on the lamp
Turn right and walk forward to the small black dresser.
Turn around and walk in front of the lamp on the desk by the wall on the right.
Examine a pencil by the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the yellow pencil near the window.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk to the wooden desk on the right.
Turn around, take a right and walk to the small wooden desk on the right.
Examine a pencil by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the pencil from under the cell phone on the right side of the desk.
Turn on the small lamp on the table.
turn around walk past the bed, then turn right and stop at the bedside table
turn to the right walk in between the bedside table and the laundry basket
Turn the light on with a pencil in hand
pick up the pencil on the bottom shelf
turn the lamp on at the edge of the table
Go to the left side of the wooden dresser with the white top on it, in front of you. 
Turn left and walk around the left side of the dresser so that you are standing right beside the lamp. 
Turn on the dresser lamp. 
Pick up the pencil that is on the bottom shelf. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the side of the dresser.
turn left, walk to the table, turn right, walk past table, turn left, turn left to face table
turn left, take a step, turn right, take a few steps, turn left, walk to the desk
examine pencil with a lamp
Pick up the pencil from on top of the brown dresser.
Hold the pencil and turn on the lamp.
Go left and stand in front of the desk.
Move to the left side of the desk and face the lamp.
Pick up a pencil and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the pencil from the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to the right and face the desk.
Pick up the pencil next to the lamp on the desk.
Move to the desk across from the door
Move to the left side of the desk your currently standing at
Use the pencil to turn on lamp on my desk.
Pick up the pencil from the coffee table. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Walk down the floor and enter the living room, walk across the room to the end, turn around, facing the coffee table
Turn right, walk across the room to the corner with a floor lamp
Grab the pencil from the coffee table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the pencil near the tissue box.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left, walk across the room to the white coffee table
Turn right, and turn left, walk to the floor lamp
Grab the pencil from the coffee table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the yellow pencil that is sitting on top of the wooden TV stand
Turn on the floor lamp
Go to the shelf just to your right of the TV.
Take the pencil to the light in the corner of the room.
Take the yellow pencil from the bottom shelf, hold the pencil turn on the light in the corner as you do this.
Pick up the pillow on the sofa
Turn on the lamp
Turn right at the pink chair, turn left at the small table, turn left at the rug, turn left at the couch, turn right to face the left side of the couch. 
Turn around and walk over to the small table. 
Pick up a cushion from the couch and turn on the lamp. 
pick up the striped pillow that is on the sofa
turn on the lamp on the right side of the table
Turn to the right and go to the brown chair.
Turn to the left and go to the wall, then turn right to face the table.
Pick up a pillow and turn on a lamp. 
Pick up the pillow from the chair.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn and walk forwards, hanging another right at the white couch to stand in front of it.
Make a left to walk around the coffee table to the small wooden table in the corner of the room.
Look at a purple pillow under a lit lamp.
Pick up the purple pillow off of the couch.
Turn on the light of the small lamp on the wooden table.
Go left and then right and turn to the right again to face the purple pillow on the white couch.
Turn around and cross the room and then go left and stand in front of the small table to the right of the white chair.
Pick up a pillow and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the pillow from the bed.
Still holding the pillow, turn on the lamp on the dresser, left back of dresser.
Go right and then right again to face the end of the bed.
Turn to the left and face the lamp.
Turn a lamp on with a pillow in hand.
Pick the pillow up from the bed.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and go to the side of the nightstand.
Turn left and go to the lamp.
Examine the pillow with the light of the lamp.
Pick up the purple pillow on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp on the table.
Turn around 180 degrees then turn 90 degrees to the left and walk towards the other end of the room, turning 90 degrees to the left when you reach the bed. 
Turn 90 degrees to the right to face the nightstand.
Turn on the light while holding a pillow. 
pick up the green pattern pillow on the bed
turn on the light on the desk
Move forward to the bed and to the right.
Turn right and bring the pillow to the lamp on the table.
Examine the pillow by the light of the lamp on the table. 
Pick up the pillow off of the bed.
Turn on the light of the small lamp that is on the wooden dresser.
Turn and walk left to the bed.
Turn left to walk to the nightstand.
Look at a striped pillow under a lit lamp.
Pick up the blue pillow that is lying at the head of the bed.
Turn on the lamp with a green lampshade sitting on the wooden desk.
Walk ahead and take a step left to head of the bed.
Turn right and walk to the left side of the desk at the foot of the bed.
Look at a pillow by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the blue pillow from the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Turn left, move around the bed to the left, face the pillow on the side of the bed.
Turn around, bring the pillow to the lamp on the table.
Examine a pillow in the light of the lamp. 
pick up the blue pillow that is on the bed
turn the lamp on
Turn around and face the bed.
Carry the blue pillow and turn to the left and then left again to find the small brown desk.
Holding a pillow and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the round brown pillow from the bed. 
Turn the lamp on.
Turn right, walk forward, then turn right again to walk between the bed and rug, then walk up to the left side of the bed.
Move to the left-hand side of the small round table that sits to the left of the bed.
Examine a pillow using the light of a lamp.
Pick up the cylinder shaped pillow in front of you on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp on the small round table. 
Turn around and walk the bed, near the foot but still on the same side.
Turn left and walk to the right side of the desk.
Look at a cushion by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the purple pillow that's closest to you.
Turn on the light on the desk.
Turn around and walk across the room, then turn right and take one step, then turn left and take one step, then turn right and walk to the bed.
Turn to the left to face the desk. 
Look at the pillow in the light.
Pick up the brown and tan patterned pillow that is sitting on the bed
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the desk
Turn around and walk to the bed.
Carry the box and turn to around and face the desk on the right, where the lamp is.
Pick up a box and turn on the lamp.
Pick the mat on the left from the bed
Turn on the lamp
Turn around, walk past the dresser, and stand next to the bed.
Walk around the bed to the nightstand on the other side of it.
Look at a pillow under the lamp on the nightstand.
Pick up the right pillow on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around completely, turn right, walk to the head of the bed and turn left to face the bed. 
Walk to the opposite side of the bed where the nightstand sits. 
Examine a pillow using the light of a lamp. 
pick up the pillow furthest from you on the right
turn on the lamp while holding the pillow
Turn around, go toward the door, then turn left to face the bed.
Turn around, go straight, then turn right to face the dresser.
Look at a pillow in the light.
Pick up the pillow from the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
Walk over to the wooden desk, then turn left and walk up to the bed.
Turn around and take a step, then turn left to face the desk.
Examine the middle pillow from the bed under the light of a small lamp.
Grab the green pillow near the edge
Turn on the lamp on the desk
Turn to your left and walk towards the night stand across from you, then turn to the bed on your right. 
Turn to your right and walk to the end of the bed, make a left and walk to the other end of the bed, then turn left and go to the night stand. 
Turn on the lamp, on the night stand. 
Pick up a pillow from the bed
turn on the lamp
Go forward to approach the bed.
Turn around, go to the doorway, then turn right to face the lamp on the dresser.
Examine a pillow in the light of a lamp.
Grab a green pillow from the bed.
Turn the lamp on.
head forward then turn left and face the end of the bed
Turn around and head forward then turn right and face the side of the dresser
Examine a pillow by the light of a lamp
Pick up the pink pillow on the left side.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and then follow the edge of the bed to the head.
Turn around and walk to the far side of the desk.
Look at a pillow by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the round, brown and white pillow between the book and the cell phone, on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp in the back right corner of the desk.
Move to the left side of the large green sofa
Carry the red cushion over to the floor lamp
Turn on a lamp while holding a red cushion
Pick up the red cushion on the left side of the couch. 
Turn on the lamp in the corner. 
turn right, walk to couch, turn to face the red pillow on the left
turn right, walk forward, turn left, walk to the lamp, hold red pillow up to the lamp
examine a pillow with a lamp
Pick up the purple pillow on the left side of the chair.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn left and begin walking forward, then turn left again and walk across the room to the blue couch against the wall.
Turn left and walk to the tall lamp that is in between the couch and the door.
Examine a purple pillow in the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the pillow on the rightmost couch cushion. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and move towards the couch then turn right and move towards the end of the couch then turn left.
Turn right and move towards the television then turn right and move towards the chair and then turn left and move towards the wall, and then turn right and move towards the floor lamp.
Examine a cushion using the light from a floor lamp.
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the table
Look at a plate by the light of a lamp
Pick the keys up from the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Move to the square wood table to the right of the white chair
Carry the black plate to face the square wood table
Hold a plate while turning on a lamp
Pick up the blue plate from the rack.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around, walk to the doorway, turn left to face the table when you reach the doorway.
Turn left, turn right to face the coffee table and couch, walk straight to the shelf, and turn right to face the lamp.
Turn on a lamp with a plate in hand.
Pick up the blue plate from the table.
Turn on the floor lamp.
Turn left and walk over to the coffee table, then turn left again and walk toward the table, go around the table to the far side where there is a plate next to a cardboard box.
Turn left and begin walking across the room, stop and turn left to face the tall lamp in between the couch and the door.
Examine a plate in the light of a tall lamp.
Grab the plate by the remote
Turn on the floor lamp
Go ahead toward the lamp, then turn right to go between the couch and coffee table, then turn right to face the coffee table.
Turn right, then turn right again to reach the lamp.
View a plate by lamp light.
pick up the plate that is on bottom shelf of TV stand
turn the lamp on
Walk around to the left and turn right to face the plate on the left end of the table.
Turn around and walk forward to the living room table, then turn right and walk forward to face the lamp in the corner of the room.
To examine a plate by lamp light.
pick up the gold plate that is under the TV on the bottom shelf
turn on the lamp
Turn around, take a right at the table and turn left to face the television stand.
Turn left and walk to the tall lamp in the corner on the right.
Examine a remote control by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the remote control which is on the right side of the bottom shelf of the table.
Turn on the lamp.
walk to face purple sofa in living room
walk around to face floor lamp in living room
turn on a floor lamp with remote in hand
Pick up the remote on the coffee table.
Turn on the tall lamp in the corner.
Turn to the right and walk forward. Turn to the left and face the ottoman.
Turn to the left and go forward then make a right at the chair. Walk to the far wall and make another right and go to the lamp.
Turn on a lamp with a remote. 
Pick up the remote from the coffee table.
Turn the lamp on.
turn around and walk to the half wall at the end, then move around to the other side of the pillar and continue walking until you reach the shelves at the end of the room
then turn around and walk to the entry way between the two doors, then take a left and walk down the hall to the right side of the couch, then a right to the wall, a left to the TV
turn on the lamp at the end of the room while holding a remote controller
Grab the remote placed middle of the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and walk up to the small round table
Turn around and  walk forward, then turn right and walk over to the floor lamp
Pick up the remote then turn off the floor lamp
Pick up the remote from the side table.
Turn on the lamp with the remote. 
go to the chair on the right that is tan
take the remote to the lamp on the desk
pick up the remote and turn off the lamp
Grab the remote on the cabinet
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn to the right and the right again and walk around to the coffee table.
Turn to the right and locate the lamp in the corner of the room.
Turn on the lamp.
Pick up the remote control on top of the shelf.
Turn on the lamp with the remote.
walk across room, turn left to face the TV stand
turn left, walk two steps, turn left, walk forward, turn left, take a step, turn right, walk to black table, hold remote up to lamp on the right
examine the remote with the lamp
Pick up the remote control that is on the chair. 
Turn on the floor lamp. 
Move to the dining room table on the right.
Turn around, bring the remote back towards the piano, to the lamp on the right.
Examine a remote by the light of the tall lamp. 
Pick up the remote that is above the blue credit card on the couch.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
go to the round white table at the end of the couch
take the remote to the lamp
examine a remote under a lamp
Pick up the remote control from the right side of the stand.
Turn on the tall lamp in the corner.
Turn right, walk to the couch, turn right, walk a few steps, then turn right and face the coffee table.
Turn to the right, walk to the wall, then turn right again to walk up to the floor lamp.
Examine a remote control using the light of a lamp. 
Pick up remote from coffee table
Turn the lamp on
Turn to your right and go across the room, then turn to your left and go across the room again, and go through the office entry way, to the desk in front of you. 
Turn around and go through the entry way, out of the office, then go past the end table to your right and turn right, go across the room, to the lamp in the corner, to your right. 
Turn on the living room lamp. 
Pick up the remote control on the couch
Use the remote control to turn on the lamp
Turn around and go forward and then to the right to face the black table.
Go left and face the lamp in the corner. 
Pick up a remote and turn a lamp on.
Pick up a remote from the chair
Turn on the lamp 
Walk towards the sofa then turn left face the center table
Turn to your right and head towards the lamp
Examine the remote by the light
Pick up the remote control from the dresser.
Turn the floor lamp on.
Move straight then turn left facing the TV stand to the right
Carry the remote and head left to the large floor lamp
Carry the remote while turning on a lamp
Pick up remote from couch cushion.
Turn on lamp in front of you.
Walk forward, then turn right and walk around the couch to face the coffee table.
Turn around and go to the lamp.
Look at the remote by the lamp.
Pick up the remote sitting on the edge of the dining table
Turn on the lamp
Turn left and walk to the armchair.
Turn left and left again and walk to the lamp.
Relocate the remote from the chair to the lamp.
pick up remote that is on the couch
turn the lamp on
turn right then turn right again towards the table
turn around and walk straight then turn left and walk towards the tv then turn left again and walk to the lamp and look up
pick up the remote and view it in the lamp light
Pick up the remote from the couch
Use the remote to turn the light on
Move to the coffee table where the remote is on top of the table 
Carry the remote to the corner of the room where the floor lamp is
Carry a remote while turning on a lamp
Pick up the remote from the table
Use the remote to turn on the lamp
Go straight ahead to the coffee table on the opposite side of the couch.
With the remote in hand go to the tall floor lamp that is to the left of the two chairs. 
Pick up remote and turn lamp on to look at it.
Pick up remote off the TV stand then turn right.
Once you turned right, go towards lamp, turn on lamp with remote
Turn left, go through the doorway, then turn left, then turn right to go toward the lamp.
Turn around, go left, walk forward, then turn left and look up at the lamp.
Examine a remote in the lamp light.
Pick up the remote next to the lamp from the side table
Turn on the floor lamp
head straight and left towards the black leather couch.
Turn around and walk pass the black leather couch, turn right to the tall tan floor lamp.
To pick up the remote from the couch and turn the tall floor lamp next to the couch on.
Pick up the remote on the sofa
Turn on the lamp
turn right, walk around the chair
turn left, walk to the corner with a floor lamp
grab the remote from the sofa chair, turn on the floor lamp
Pick the remote up from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn right, go straight, before the coffee table to right, go straight all the way, turn left, go straight to the wall past the brown chair. Go behind the brown chair and face the chair.
Turn left, go straight and to the right to the window, turn left to face the lamp.
Inspect a remote control near a lit lamp.
pick up the statue that is on the table
turn the lamp on
Turn left, walk straight to the wall, make a right when you reach the wall and walk straight to the small end table.
Grab the statue on the end table.
Take a left at the fireplace and walk to the small wooden table in the corner next to the chair ahead and to the right side.
Pick up the gold statue from the left side of the table.
Turn left, go to wall.  Turn right, proceed to wall, turn left to face table.
Face lamp on table.
Move to table, pick up statue and turn on light.
Pick up the figuring on the table
Turn on the lamp
Turn right and make your way to the left edge of the desk
Turn left and go to the wall
Examine the statue under the light near the desk
Pick up the statue on the desk which is behind the mug.
Turn on the lamp.
Take a step forward and face the desk on the left.
Carry the statue and take two steps left, just passed the desk.
Hold a statue and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the statue to the right of the alarm clock.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to the right and walk across the room, then turn left to face the table. 
Turn to the left and take one step, then turn to the right and walk past the table, then turn right and turn face the other end of the table. 
To look at the statue in the light. 
Pick up the statue on the dresser.
Turn on the lamp.
Go left and stand in front of the television.
Turn around and go left towards the lamp in the corner.
Turn a lamp on with a statue in hand.
pick up the small stature of a man from the coffee table
turn on the floor lamp
Go forward and then turn to the right to face the television.
Go left to face the lamp in the corner of the room.
Turn a lamp on with a statue in hand.
Pick up the statue from the table.
Hold the statue and turn the lamp off.
Turn left, go forward, then turn right to go toward the lamp.
Turn and go to the lamp to your left.
Look at a statue by the lamp.
pick up the trophy that is on the table
turn the lamp off that is on
turn left, walk towards TV, turn right, walk forward to black table with trophy on it
hold the trophy up to the lamp that is on the right
examine a trophy with a lamp
pick up the trophy that is on the table
turn on the lamp
Turn to your left, move forward then turn left and head to the side table
Turn to your right make a step then face the lamp
Examine the figurine by the light
Pick up the figurine on the table, adjacent to the computer.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk past the couch, then turn right and go through the couch and coffee table, to the wooden shelf at the end of the room. 
Turn to your right, and go to the lamp in the corner. 
Turn on the living room lamp.
pick up the toy from the table
turn on the lamp
Turn right and go to the black table against the wall
Turn left and move towards the lamp
Study a hand sculpture by the light of a lamp
Pick up the golden statue off of the coffee table.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
Turn around and walk to the white table.
Turn around and go to the lamp near the door.
Examine the statue using the lamp light.
Pick up the figurine that is on the left side of the white stand. 
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk toward the statue on the table.
Turn right and walk to the floor lamp that is to the left of the sofa.
Examine a statue by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the dog statue on the table.
Turn the lamp on to the left of the lounge chair.
walk into living room to face the coffee table
walk to face the floor lamp
turn on a floor lamp with sausage sculpture in hand
Pick up the large statue off of the small table.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
Turn around and walk to the cabinet to the left of the fireplace.
Turn around and walk forward and then right, and go to the far right corner of the room.
View a trophy by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the gold statue
Turn on the floor lamp
Head forward to the white column then turn left and walk to the right black stand; the stand that is holding the golden trophies
Turn to your right and cross the room, then turn left and face the tall floor lamp
Examine a trophy under a tall lamp
Grab the statue off the table.
Turn the tall lamp on.
Turn left and walk towards the couch, then hang a right and walk forward, turn left and walk over to the coffee table.
Turn right and walk forward, then hang a left and walk over to the tall lamp in the corner of the room to the left of the couch.
Examine a bronze statue in the light of a tall lamp.
Take the copper statue from the table in front of you.
Turn on the lamp in front of you.
Turn around and walk to the tennis racket on the floor leaning against the desk.
Turn around and walk in front of the lamp on the small end table.
Examine a tennis racket by the light of a table lamp.
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the nightstand.
Walk straight then hang left and proceed to the edge of the desk with the laptop on it.
Turn left and head in the direction of the bed, then hang left and walk to the night stand with the alarm clock and lamp on it.
Examine a tennis racket by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the tennis racket from the ground
Turn on the table lamp
Go to bed, turn left.  Turn right at end of bed.  Go to dresser with cd's on top.  Turn left, go to where tennis racket is.
Turn around and walk to desk across room.  
Pick up a tennis racket and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the racket from the floor.
Hold the racket and turn on the lamp.
Walk to the tennis racket on the floor to the left of the bed.
Turn around and walk to the lamp on the desk.
Examine a tennis racket by the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the tennis racket sitting on top of the side table
Turn on the lamp
Move to the left bunk bed.
Bring the racket to the desk.
Examine the racket with the light of the desk lamp. 
Pick up the orange handled tennis racket with handle facing down.
Turn on lamp that is on desk.
Turn left and walk to the tennis bat
Turn right and walk to the table by the sofa
Grab the tennis bat on the floor, turn on the lamp on the table by the sofa
Pick up the tennis bat on the floor
Turn on the lamp on the dresser
Turn around and walk around the bed to the other side of it
Turn right and walk forward to the left side of the wooden dresser
Look at the tennis racket under the light of the table lamp
Pick up the tennis racket from beside the plant. 
Turn on the lamp on the left side of the desk.
Go left to stand in front of the plant and racket on the ground.
Turn around and go to stand facing the desk with the lamp.
Turn a lamp on with a racket in hand.
Pick up the tennis racket leaning against the wall.
Turn on the lamp located at the left rear of the desk top.
Turn left, move past the couch, turn right to face the small table. 
Move the tissue box to the lamp on the table.
Examine the tissue box by the light of the lamp on the table. 
Pick up the tissue box from the table
Turn on the lamp that is on the table
Turn to the shelf on your left. 
Turn around and go to the end table to the left of the couch. 
Turn the lamp on the end table on.
Pick up the tissue box at the front of the table. 
Turn on the lamp on the table. 
Turn around and walk until you hit the table then turn right and walk to the middle of the couch on your right then turn left so you are facing  the small table with a tissue box.
Turn right and walk to the small table between a black couch and green chair.
Turn on a light as you hold a box of tissues.
Open the bottom right drawer of the dresser and pick up the tissue box in there. 
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
walk forward to the tall white dresser
take a few steps to the left
examine a tissue box with a lamp
Take the box of tissues off the shelf
Turn on the lamp
Move across the room to the left side of the wood desk where the lamp is
Pick up the tissue box to the right of the pen on the desk
Turn to the right, to face the night stand next to the bed.
Turn around, move forward, then turn right to go toward the wall, then turn right to face the desk.
Look at a box of tissues in the light.
Turn on the lamp.
Hold a box of tissues in front of a lit lamp.
Take the box of tissue in the middle of the table. 
Turn on the lamp. 
turn right to face the dark brown desk
turn left and look up to face the green lamp
turn on the green lamp while holding a box of tissues
Pick up the box of tissue on the coffee table. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn around, hang a right at the end of the black couch, walk to the gray door and head right to the white desk.
Turn left, walk to the black couch, hang a left towards the wall, and head right to the tall lamp in the corner near the wall.
Examine a box of tissues by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the box of tissue on the table near the credit card. 
Turn the lamp on. 
Walk straight towards the couch, turn right towards the middle of it, and turn right to face a coffee table.
Turn right towards the couch, turn left towards the tall lamp on your right.
Examine a tissue box next to the light of a tall lamp.
Grab the white vase on the cabinet
Turn on the lamp on the end table
Move to the stand under the TV on the wall. 
Bring the vase to table left of the couch.
Examine the vase in the light by the couch. 
Pick up the yellow vase on the shelf. 
Turn on the lamp on the table. 
Turn to your right and head to the small table
Turn to your left and walk towards the lamp
Examine the yellow cover by the light of the lamp
grab the yellow bottle near the edge
turn on the light behind the TV
Turn right, head around the table to face the white vase on the table. 
Bring the vase to the lamp, left of the tv. 
Examine the lamp in the light of the tall lamp. 
Pick up the white vase that is sitting on top of the table behind the laptop
Turn on the lamp
Turn left towards the door, turn right, walk passed the plan on your left, turn right and walk towards the coffee table.
Turn right towards the couch, turn left, walk passed the couch, and turn right towards the tall lamp.
Examine a blue vase next to the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the blue vase from the end table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk into the other room and go to the coffee table.
Turn right and walk in front of the floor lamp in the corner.
Examine a blue vase by the light of a floor lamp.
Take the vase from the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around from the picture, move toward the floor lamp, then turn right and move to the television, then turn left and move to the coffee table on the green rug.
Move around the coffee table counterclockwise, past the table, and move to the floor lamp next to the couch and look up at the lampshade.
Examine a glass bowl using the light from a floor lamp.
Pick up the bowl on the table to the right.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Walk forward to the chairs, then turn right, walk forward and turn left at the statue, then walk to the vase on the dining table.
Turn right, walk forward to the statue, then turn right and walk to the floor lamp.
Examine a piece of a vase by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the blue candle holder that is closest.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and go towards the chairs and then turn right and go towards the coffee table.
Turn left walk two steps and then turn left again go towards the corner and face towards the corner lamp.
Turn on the Corner light.
Pick up the watch on the end table, next to the remote. 
Turn on the lamp, on the table.
turn around and walk over to the dining room table
walk over to the black desk near the window
turn on a lamp on a black desk while holding a wrist watch
Turn on the lamp.
View a watch by lamp light. 
Pick up the watch on the desk, the one under the set of keys.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the bottom right side of the large wood dresser
Carry the watch to the left side of the dresser facing the lamp
Carry a watch while turning on a lamp
Grab the watch out of the drawer.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and stand in front of the sofa and face the table
Turn left and then walk right to the lamp
Turning a lamp on
Grab the watch from the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Walk forward, turn left, walk forward towards the wall, turn right to face the TV stand.
Turn around to face the standing lamp in the corner.
Turn the floor lamp on while holding a watch.
pick up the watch that is on the table
turn the lamp on
Turn around, move to the ottoman, turn right, move to the other side of the coffee table, near the wall, turn to face the remote on the coffee table. 
Turn right, bring the watch over to the lamp behind the chair in the corner. 
Examine a watch by the light of a tall lamp. 
Pick the watch up from the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn right, walk forward a few steps before hanging a right at the ottoman, walk behind the burgundy chair, then walk a few steps forward and face the table that is on your left. 
Turn around to face the wall, walk forward to the wall, then make a right to walk to the floor lamp. 
Turn off the floor lamp with a watch in hand. 
Pick up the watch off of the small black table.
Turn off the light of a tall lamp.
Walk forward and turn right before you reach the floor lamp.
Move left slightly to stand in front of the tall floor lamp.
Examine a watch by the dim natural light of a living room.
Grab the watch from the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and walk to the coffee table in the center of the room.
Turn right and walk to the floor lamp next to the plant.
Examine a watch by the light of a floor lamp.
take the watch from the table
Turn on the lamp.
go to the dresser
take the ring to the stand with the lamp
get a ring and turn on a lamp
Pick up the watch from the dresser.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to the right and walk around the ottoman. Make another right at the ottoman and Go forward to the wall. Then make a left at the wall and go forward to the table with a lamp on it.
Turn around and go forward. Go to the left and go forward to the ottoman. Make another left at the ottoman and go forward. Make a left at the couch and head towards the lamp.
Turn on a lamp with a watch.
Pick up the watch closest to you from the chair.
Turn on the lamp while holding the watch.
Turn left, head across the room
Turn left, head to the pink lamp
Take the watch from the pink arm chair, turn on the pink lamp
Pick up the watch on the red chair.
Turn on the lamp in the corner.
Turn around, walk to the coffee table on the left
Turn around, walk to the corner with a floor lamp
Grab the watch on the coffee table, turn on the floor lamp in the corner
Grab the watch from the coffee table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and go to the black entertainment center on your right
Turn to your left and take the watch over to the lamp in the corner just ahead of you, to your right.
Take a watch with you to turn on the lamp
Pick up the watch, to the right of the cardboard box, on the dresser. 
Turn on the lamp in the corner. 
Turn around and walk forward and right to the white shelf under the TV
Turn right and walk forward then turn right again and walk across to the floor lamp
Examine the watch under the light of the floor lamp
Pick up the watch on the end table.
Turn on the lamp.
Move across the room to the left side of the brown TV stand
Turn around then head straight towards the floor lamp while holding the watch
Turn on a lamp while holding a watch
Get the watch on the left end of the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
turn to the left and take a few steps forward and turn to the left and go to the sofa and turn to the left and take a few steps and turn to the left facing the coffee table
turn to the left and go to the wall and turn to the left and step forward to the floor lamp
Examine a watch by the light of a floor lamp
Pick the white pitcher off of the floor next to the plant.
Turn the lamp on.
Take a step forward, then turn right and walk over to the plant on the ground under the window.
Turn left and take a step forward, then turn left again and walk across the room to the wall, then turn left and walk up to the small white table in the corner of the room.
Examine a watering can in the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the watering can on the floor in front of the window, to the left of the plant.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk to the watering can on the floor by the fireplace.
Turn left and walk forward to the lamp on the desk to the right of the chair.
Examine a watering can by the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the pitcher on the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk forward and turn left by the left side of the fireplace
Turn left and walk over to the small table near the chair in the corner
Examine the tea pot under light of the table lamp
Pick up the teapot next to the stool off the floor .
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn left, walk to the white stool 
Turn left, walk to the end table with a lamp on it
Grab the white pot on the floor, turn on the lamp on the end table
Grab the water can in the shelf
Turn on the floor lamp
Move to the shelf below the television. 
Turn left, then move to the tall lamp.
Inspect a watering can by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the watering can on the floor.
Turn on the light.
Turn around and begin walking towards the window, then hang a right and walk over to the end table with a plant in the corner of the living room right ahead of you.
Turn right and begin walking across the room, then hang a right just before the television and walk over to the tall lamp in the corner of the living room.
Examine a watering can by the light of a tall lamp.
Grab the pot on the floor
Turn on the floor lamp
