pick up the alarm clock that is on the desk
move the alarm clock from one desk to another one
turn to the right, walk forward, stop at the far end of the desk, face the desk to the left
Move to the desk on the right facing the alarm clock
Place the alarm clock on top of the CD that is closest to the book
Pick up the clock that is on the night stand
Carry a clock to the desk
Turn right, walk towards the mirror, and then turn right towards the desk.
Turn left and step the night stand on the right of the bed
Place the clock on the desk
Pick the clock up from the dresser.
Put a clock on a desk.
Turn around and go to the desk in front of you
Walk forward and face left looking at the chair.
Place the clock on the desk.
Pick up the alarm clock to the right of the other alarm clock.
Put an alarm clock on the desk.
Turn left with the alarm clock and walk straight and turn right facing the desk.
Walk to the night stand to the right of the bed and look down.
Place the alarm clock between the keys and cup on the desk.
pick up the clock from the night stand
put a clock on a desk
Turn around and walk across the room past the bed to the table by the wall.
Turn left then head to the back right wood shelving
Move the clock to the left of the computer on top of the dresser
Pick up the alarm clock.
Place an alarm clock on a dresser.
Carry the alarm clock to the brown and white dresser facing the top left side
Turn around and walk up to the wooden desk
Put the clock on the middle shelf of the desk
Pick up the clock on the table.
Place the clock from the table onto the top shelf.
Turn around, turn around to the cabinet above the table
turn right to the table
put the clock on the dresser
Take the lunch box from the bedside table. 
To put the lunchbox on the desk. 
Take a step to your left
Turn around completely, walk almost to the wall, then turn right to face the desk. 
Place the alarm clock down on the nightstand between the two CDs.
pick up the knife that is sitting on top of the counter
Carry a knife to cut the yellow apple in the fridge
turn right and walk over to the microwave on the left side of the end of the room
place the knife inside of the fridge and close the door
turn left and walk over to the stove at the end of the room, then turn left and walk over to the fridge on the right
Walk across the room to the left to face the sink.
Place the apple in the microwave.
Turn left to face the microwave.
Walk over to the microwave, then turn right to face the sink.
Open the microwave and slice up the apple in the microwave, then close the microwave door.
pick up the knife that is on the counter to the left of the stove
slice a cooked apple
turn around, walk to the bed
Walk forward then turn left and look down at the ground.
Put the wooden bat on the left side of the bed.
Pick the bat up from the floor.
Put a bat on a bed.
turn around, walk forward, turn right to face the bed
Walk forward to the bed then turn right and walk to the mirror on the wall.
Stand the bat on end near the left laptop's bottom left side if you were facing the laptop.
Pick up the metal bat on the floor. 
Put a metal metal bat on the bed. 
Turn right to the bed
Turn right and walk to the end of the far bed.
Place the paddle on the right side of the bed.
Pick up the basketball from the floor.
Put a basketball on the bed.
Carry the basketball across the room to the bed.
Turn around and head towards the wall.
Place the basketball on the bed in front of the first laptop.
Pick up the basketball that is on the ground to the right of the wooden desk.
Move a basketball to the bed.
Turn around, go forward, turn left, go forward, turn left in front of the bed
Turn left and move toward the gray trash bin the corner and then turn right and move to the basketball on the floor next to the desk and then turn left.
Place the basketball on the right corner of the desk facing the bed.
Pick up the basketball from the floor. 
Put the basketball on the desk. 
turn left, walk towards bed, turn right, walk forward, turn right to face table
Turn left to face the basketball on the floor.
Place the basketball in the center of the white table.
Pick up the basketball on the floor between the bed and the dresser
Move a basketball from the floor to a table
Turn around and stand in front of the green dresser.
Move across the room between the bed and the night stand
Place the basketball on top of the green table
Pick up the book from the table.
Put a book on top of an armchair.
turn left, walk across room, turn right,  walk across to the chair
Turn to the right and then the right again to cross the room and stand in front of the brown cabinet with two books and a statue on it.
Put the book on the chair.
Pick up the book in the middle of the coffee table.
Place a book on a chair.
Turn left, go to the brown chair on the right with the remote control on it.
Turn right then turn right again and walk to the dresser with the TV on top.
Place the book next to the remote
Pick up the book entitled "Huckleberry Finn" that's in front of you on the table.
Put a book on the chair.
Turn left and walk to the sofa seat to your left.
turn left, walk across the room to the dresser
put the book on the chair
Pick up the book on the desk.
Moving the book from the desk to the bed.
Turn around, walk to the bed,
Turn right, turn left and walk to the wall. Then, turn left to face the desk.
Place the book on the bed.
Pick up the book on the desk. 
Put a book on the bed. 
turn around and move forward to the bed
Turn around and veer left to the desk.
Place the book on the bed near the middle, close to the closest edge.
pick up the book that is on the desk
move book from desk to cabinet
Turn around and walk up to the wooden desk
Walk up to the bed.
Open the leftmost cabinet door and put the book inside, then close the door.
Pick up the book off of the seat of the brown chair.
Move a book to the coffee table.
Turn left, proceed until reach center of table to your left.  Turn left to face table.
Go forward and face the brown chair with the book on it.
Put the book down on the table.
Pick up the book, to the left of the laptop, on the bed. 
Put a book on the desk. 
take the book to the desk
Walk to the middle of the room, turn left, and walk to the bed.
Put the book on the desk.
Pick the book on the left up from the bed.
Put a book on a desk.
Turn around and walk over to the wall, then turn right to face the wooden desk.
turn right, walk forward, turn left to face bed
put the book on the desk
Pick up the book to the left of the teddy bear called Clean Code.
Move book to the desk.
turn around and walk straight towards the bookshelf and turn right towards the desk
Turn left and go forward to the bed, then go around to the end of the bed and right face it.
Place the book on the desk.
Pick the book up from the left side of the dresser.
Put a book on a desk.
Turn to your left and go to the end of the room then turn to your right and go to the desk in front of you. 
take a step forward, turn left, walk forward, turn left to face bed
put the book on the desk
Go to bed, pick up magazine.
Grab magazine from bed, place onto desk. 
Turn around and walk to the dresser with alarm clocks on it
Turn around, walk to the side of the bed
Put the book down by the key chain
Pick up the book that is on the bed. 
Put a book on the night stand. 
Turn left and cross the room to the wall, then make a right and cross the room, and turn right to face the night stand
Turn right then approach the couch on your right then hang left and turn right again and walk forward towards the dining table then turn right and face the dining table.
put the book on the couch.
Pick up the book on the table. 
Move a book from the dining table to the couch. 
Turn to your right and go back around the table, into the living room, then turn left between the couch and the coffee table and face the couch to your left. 
Turn right and move to the book on the chair. 
Put the book on the blue couch to the left of the computer. 
Pick up the book on the desk
Collect a book to read on the sofa
Turn to the left and walk to the coffee table, then turn right to face the couch. 
Take a large step to your left.
Put the book on the couch.
Pick up the book from the coffee table.
Move a book from a coffee table to a sofa.
Turn around, walk to the grey sofa on the left
Turn to the right and had to the big brown chair in the corner. 
Put the book on the middle of the couch. 
Pick up the bowl from the TV stand.
Set the bowl on the coffee table.
Turn right and walk around the couch to the glass coffee table. 
go down the hallway a bit and turn to the right
place the bowl inside of the fridge
Open the cabinet under the counter, take out the bowl in the cabinet, and close the cabinet.
Put the bowl from the cabinet into the fridge.
bring the bowl over to the refrigerator 
Turn around and walk through the hall, to the front of the first short, brown shelf you come to.
Place the cardboard box on the seat of the green arm chair. 
Pick up the box on the shelf. 
Put a box on a chair. 
Turn around towards the green chair.
Turn to the right and then the left to go around the coffee table. Face the couch on the right. 
Place the box on the chair.
pick up the box that is on the table
move a box from the table to the chair
turn to the left twice and take a step and turn to the right and go to the chair
Walk towards the couch on the left and stand in front of the empty box.
Place the empty box down on the seat of the black armchair.
grab the box off of the couch
place a small box on top of a chair in the corner of the room
Turn left and walk to the tv stand then turn right and walk to the chair.
Turn to the right and move to the box by the couch that's on the opposite corner of the room.
Place the box on to the white coffee table.
Pick the box up from the floor.
Put a box on a table.
turn to the right and go to the wall and turn to the right and go to the desk
turn left, walk through room, turn right to face box on floor to the left of the dresser drawers
put the box on the desk on the left side
Pick up the empty box on the floor.
To move an empty box from the floor to a desk.
Go around the right side of the table and turn to face the table.
Turn to the left and go to the large table in the next room.
Place the box on the table.
Pick up the box from under the table.
Set the box on the table.
Turn around, go forward to the table with the TV on it. 
Move to the two black night stands that are against the yellow wall
Place the empty box in front of the TV on top of the TV stand
Pick up the cardboard box that is on top of the table
Move an empty box to the sofa
head to the red couch
Go straight back and turn left. Then turn left again to find the small side table.
Place the box on the right side of the couch.
Pick up the box on the floor.
Place a box on a couch.
Turn around and go forward and then right to face the couch.
Go straight to the table in front of the couch
Put the box on the couch
Pick up the empty box from the coffee table.
Move an empty box from a coffee table to a sofa.
turn left, turn right, walk towards the couch, turn right, walk in front of the couch, turn left to face the couch
Turn around and face the counter to the left of the stove.
Place the bread in the microwave and close the door.
Pick up the bread on the counter.
To move the bread from the counter into the microwave.
Bring the bread to the microwave on the left. 
turn left and walk forwards to the wooden kitchen counter, then turn right and walk forwards to the kitchen stove in front
cut the bread to the left of the toaster
move to the left a bit and face the kitchen counter
place the bread on the counter in front of the microwave
Take the knife from the sink rack.
Turn around, bear right across the room to the stand with the microwave next to the fridge.
Take a slice of bread from the counter.
Put a slice of bread on a stand.
turn around and walk to the other kitchen counter, then turn left to face the stove
place the knife on top of the kitchen counter in front of the sink to the left
turn around and walk to the end of the room, then hang a right turn and walk forwards to the microwave
Turn around and walk across the room to the counter.
Open the drawer on the right, to the left of the sink, and place the knife inside. 
Pick up the knife above the potato. 
To put the knife in the drawer. 
Turn and face the counter on the left. 
Turn around, head to the white kitchen table
Put the butter knife on the black table
Pick up the knife that's in front of you to the right of the fork.
Put a knife on the table.
Turn around and walk to the small black table across the room ahead.
Walk to the candle on the left side of the top of the toilet.
Put the candle in the cabinet on the bottom left of the sink on the right, then close the cabinet.
Pick up the far candle on the toilet. 
Put a candle away in the cabinet under the right sink. 
turn around, take a step, turn left, take two steps, turn left to face the sink
Turn around and go to the toilet.
Open the cabinet on the far let and put the candle inside.
Pick up the yellow tube sitting on top of the counter top to the left of the sink
Place a yellow tube in the cupboard
Turn around to face the cabinet.
Move to the sink on the right. 
Put the candle in the left cabinet under the sink on the right. 
Pick up the candle on the toilet basin.
Place the candle from the toilet basin into the cabinet.
Go to the cabinet beneath the sink and to the right of the toilet.
Go forward and turn to the right to face the toilet.
Put the candle on the shelf.
Pick up the candle on the toilet tank.
Place a candle on the shelf of a cart.
Turn to your right and cross the room to the corner to the right of the sink.
turn around and face the bathroom counter top of the bathroom cabinet
place the candle down on top of the towel rack there
Pick up the far candle from the top of the toilet.
Put a candle by the edge of a bath tub.
Turn towards the counter next to the tub. 
walk over to the bathroom toilet
place the candle down to the right of the bathroom tub
pick up the candle from the cupboard under the sink
place a candle at the side of the sink
Carry the green candle over to the counter top between the sinks
Turn left, hang a right at the wall and walk to the white toilet.
Place the green candle in between the sinks on the vanity counter.
Grab the candle that's to the left of the sink
Putting a candle in a drawer
Bring the candle to the right drawer under the sink.
Turn to face the green counter top ahead of you
Place the candle stick inside of the drawer then shut the drawer
Pick the candle up from the back of the toilet.
Put a candle on top of a dresser.
turn around and walk over to the tall white cabinet at the end of the room
turn right, take a few steps, turn right, walk to the toilet
put the candle on the dresser
Pick up the candle on the left from the toilet tank lid.
Move a candle to the black table. 
Turn to the left and face the black table.
Turn around and go to the black table.
Place the candle on the table in front of the toilet paper.
pick up the candle that is on the counter by the sink
move candle from counter to back of toilet
take the candle to the toilet
Turn and go to the counter in between the two sinks.
Place the candle behind the empty roll of toilet paper that is on the back of the toilet.
Pick up a candle from the tub
Move a candle from a tub to a toilet
Turn around and walk across the room. 
Turn around, move to the counter.
Put the candle on the toilet tank lid.
Pick up the candle from behind the sink.
Put a candle on top of the toilet.
Take a step to the right.
Turn right and head to the sink
Place the candle on the back of the toilet
Pick up the candle that is on the counter. 
Move a candle from the bathroom counter to the back of the toilet. 
Turn completely around and walk over to the toilet.
Turn around and go to the right side of the sink, by the bathtub. 
Place the candle on the back of the toilet, above the handle. 
Pick up the candle closest to the ledge of the counter.
Put a candle on the toilet.
Turn around and face the toilet. 
Walk forward to the toilet, then turn right and walk to the candle on the counter between the two sinks.
Put the candle on the top of the toilet, to the left of the toilet paper.
open up the bottom right cabinet of the two cabinets on the left side of the bathroom cabinet
place a candle on top of the back side of the toilet
Go left and turn to face the toilet that is behind.
walk to face cabinet below left sink
put candle on top of toilet tank
pick up the candle on the edge of the bath tub 
move the candle from the bath tub counter to the top of the toilet
Face the opposite direction and go over near the left side of the toilet.
Walk up to the counter in front of you. 
Place the candlestick on the back of the toilet to the left of the other items. 
grab the candle on the sink
grab the candle from the sink, put it on the toilet
turn left, take a couple steps, turn right to face toilet
Turn around to face the small cabinet.
Place the candle on top of the toilet.
Take a candle from the small white dresser.
Place a candle on the toilet.
Walk to the front of the toilet on your left.
Turn right until you are facing the long row of white vanity cabinets.
Place the candle on top of the toilet tank near the front edge, between the roll of toilet paper and the empty cardboard roll.
Grab a candle off the table.
Move a candle from the table to the toilet.
Turn complete around and walk forward. Make a left at the bath tub. Then turn right and face the toilet. 
move to the TV stand to the left of the bed
put the CD on the table
Pick the disc up from under the television.
Put a disc on a table.
Turn to your left and walk across the room to the black dining table on your right. 
Move to the desk to the right of you
Put the CD on the desk
pick up the CD from the back of the desk
put a CD on to the dresser
Go across the room to the dresser with 3 drawers.
Turn around, go straight and go to the left to face the chair in in front of the desk.
Place the CD on top of the dresser.
Pick up the CD out of the bin.
Place a CD on a dresser.
Turn to the left and walk across the room, then turn right to face the dresser in the corner.
Turn right and walk straight to the bed. Turn right and walk to the dresser. Turn left and walk a few steps then turn right and step towards the end of the dresser to face it.
Open the safe and put the CD inside and shut it again.
Pick up the CD on the edge of the dresser
Move a CD to the safe
turn to the left and go to the wall and turn to the right facing the safe
Turn to your right and walk forward until you reach the dresser that is on the left side of the couch. 
Place the CD in the safe and close the door. 
Pick up the CD from the desk.
Put the CD into the safe.
Turn around, go straight past the couch, then turn right to go to the dresser with the safe on it.
Turn right and then left to walk to the other side of the desk.
Place the CD in the top right cabinet.
Open the top, right cabinet, above the alarm clock, on the desk and pull out the CD inside. 
Put a CD back in it's original spot. 
Position yourself so you're facing the left side of the desk on the other side of the chair to your left.
Turn to your right and go across the room to the dresser. 
Place the CD on the bottom, left shelf, to the right of the books. 
Pick up the CD on the dresser
Move the CD from the dresser to the entertainment center
Turn to your left and go to the book shelf, past the window. 
Move to the far left side of the desk
Place the CD on the right side of the cubby area on the desk
pick up the disc from the desk
move a disc from the desk to the  shelf
Go back from the desk.
Turn right and walk up to the dresser in front of the mirror
Put the CD on the upper shelf to the right of the clock
Pick up the CD from the dresser that is in front of the pen.
Place a CD on a shelf.
Turn around over to the large black shelf with the digital alarm clock on it.
Turn around, take a step towards the bed, turn left towards the space in between the two desks, and turn left to face the long desk.
Place the CD to the left of the alarm clock.
Pick up the CD nearest to the wall.
Move the CD onto the night stand.
Turn around, then turn left, then go forward, then turn left to face the night stand.
Turn around, move slightly to the left and proceed to the table.
Place cd on left side of nightstand to the left of the pen and pencil.
grab the disc on the cabinet
move the disc from the cabinet to the night stand
Turn around and carry the CD to the night stand to the right of the bed
Turn around and walk to the table in the corner.
Place the cell phone on the chair, near the front left corner.
Grab the phone on top of the credit card on the desk.
Place a phone on the sofa seat.
You turn right, twist for the right again to cross the room.
Move to the brown table.
Put the phone down on the chair. 
Pick up the phone next to the tissue box.
Pick up the phone to place it on the chair.
Turn left and take a step to your left then walk to the foot of the bed and take a step to your right.
go to the shelf above the radiator heater
put the phone on the bed
Pick up the phone on the right side
Put the phone on the bed
Turn around, walk to the side of the bed
Turn to the right and walk across the room to the desk. 
Place the cell phone on the bed near the laptops. 
Pick up the phone that is on top of the desk closest to the chair
Move a phone from the desk to the bed
turn right, walk to the bed, turn right, take a few steps, turn left, take a few steps, turn left to face the bed
Turn to your left and go to the window, then turn to your right and go to the tan chair in the right, corner of the room, in front of you. 
Place the cell phone in front of the laptop closest to you, on the bed. 
pick up the phone that is on the dresser
move phone from the dresser to the bed
turn around, walk towards the bed
turn right, walk towards bed, turn left, take a few steps, turn left to face dresser
put the phone on the bed
Pick up the cell phone that is sitting on the bed to the left of the laptop
Place a cell phone on a desk
Turn around, move forward, then turn right to go towards the door, then turn right to face the desk.
turn around and head to the bed
drop the phone on the shelf
pick up a phone from the bed
Move a phone from the bed to the desk.
Turn right and walk to the right side of the desk.
turn right, walk towards the bed
put the phone on the desk
Pick up the cell phone from the night stand
Put the cell phone on the desk 
Turn around and walk a few steps ahead.
Go left and the to the right to stand on the other side of the bed.
Put the phone down on the white table.
Pick up the cell phone on the shelf. 
Move the cell phone from the shelves to desk.
Carry the phone to the small white desk by the window
Turn left at the cardboard box and take a left at the wall to reach the small nightstand next to the bed.
Put the cell phone to the right of the laptop computer on the left side of the table.
Pick up the cellphone from the bed.
Put a cellphone on the table.
Turn around to face same nightstand.
walk over to the side of the nightstand
place the phone in the bottom drawer of the nightstand
Pick up the white cell phone that is on the top of the stand. 
Move the cell phone from the top of an end table to the top drawer. 
Turn in a circle and face back toward the dresser
Turn left, proceed to dresser.
Open the bottom right hand drawer of dresser, put phone in drawer in the top left hand corner.  Shut the drawer.
Pick up the phone from the bed.
Move the phone from the bed to the dresser.
Turn left and take a couple steps. Turn left to face the left side of the dresser.
Go left and then left again to face the bed.
Put the phone down on the dresser.
Pick up the smartphone from the brown armchair.
Move a smartphone from the brown armchair to the top of the wide black dresser.
Turn right and walk to the left side of the black dresser.
Head to the chair, take a left, turn left at the end of the bed and walk to the side of the bed on the left.
Put the cell phone on the left side of the dresser in front of the gold statue.
Pick up the phone on the table. 
Put a phone in the safe next to the bed. 
Turn right, walk to the nightstand, then turn right again and walk up to the safe that is on the floor. 
Turn around, head to the night stand
Put the cell phone in the safe, close the door to the safe
Take the cell phone from the desk
Put the cell phone in the white safe, close the door
Take a step to the left and continue to face the dresser
Go to the dresser in front of you.
Open the safe between the wall and clock. Place the phone in the safe next to the keys and close the safe.
Pick up the phone off of the end table.
Move a phone to the shelf of an end table.
Turn around and face the small cabinet with discs on it to the left.
Turn left and move to the nightstand in the corner of the room then turn right and face the center of the bed.
Place the smartphone on top of the nightstand between the red credit card and the CD.
pick up the cell phone sitting on the bed
move the phone from the bed to the nightstand
Turn right, then make a quick left to walk to the night stand that is between the two beds
Walk ahead to the night stand, then turn right.
Place the cell phone on the night stand, to the left of the black cup.
pick up phone from bed
put phone on night stand
Turn around and go to the tub to your right.
Adjust yourself slightly to stand and face the middle of the sink.
Place the cloth in the tub.
Take the rag from in the sink. 
Put a rag in the tub.
turn to the right to face the bath tub
Turn around and walk to the sink on the right.
Put the yellow rag in the bathtub.
Pick up the black cloth in the bath tub basin that is to the right of the sponge.
Move a cloth from a bath tub basin to a steel rack.
turn around and walk straight towards the shelf and look down
Turn to your right and go across the room, then turn right and go to the toilet across from you. 
Place the rag on the top shelf of the metal rack.
Pick up the purple rag from the sink.
Turn left and walk to the sink.
Put a purple rag next to the sink.
Bring the rag to the counter, right of the sink. 
Move forward, then turn left to approach the counter to the left of the sink.
Open the drawer on the bottom and second to the right, and then put the rag inside.
Pick up the cloth that's on the back of the toilet.
Put a cloth in the drawer.
Hold the cloth and look up.
Turn left at the glass door and walk to the wooden desk.
Put the black rag next to the black mug.
pick up the gray rag from the floor
put a gray rag on the shelf
Turn left to face the black table.
Turn around and walk to the tub.
Put the rag on the table on top of the back bar of soap.
Pick up the purple towel that is on the very left
Place a towel on an end table
Move to the right and face the left sink.
Turn around to walk around the toilet to face the sink on the left.
Put the white rag in the sink on the left.
Take the red rag out of the far right cabinet before closing the door. 
Turn around, walk a few steps, then turn right and walk over to the bathroom sinks. 
Put the red rag in the sink.
Open the lower left cabinet under the right sink, pick up the red towel inside and close the door.
Place a towel in a sink.
Bring the rag to the toilet on your left.
Cross the room to the left and stand in front of the tub.
Put the cloth on the back of the toilet.
Open the second cabinet and pick up the red cloth
Put the cloth on top of toilet tank
Turn around and walk to the white toilet on the right.
Walk forward a few steps, then turn left and walk up to the left-hand sink. 
Place the rag on the back of the toilet, to the left of the purple spray bottle. 
Pick up the red credit card on top of the table.
Place a credit card on a chair.
Turn around and face the brown chair in the corner.
Walk to the coffee table then take a step to your left and walk to the coffee table then turn right to face it.
Put the credit card near the edge of the cushion below the remote.
Pick up the credit card that's in front of you on the tv stand near the left side of the tv..
Put a credit card on the chair.
Turn around and walk across the room to the armchair containing the laptop.
Turn to the left then turn right. Make a left to face the TV stand. 
Place the card on the armchair. 
Pick the blue credit card up from the couch.
Put a credit card on the blue chair.
Turn left, go to the wooden table on the left, turn right, go to the chair.
Turn left and walk towards the wall, then turn right and walk up to the couch.
Put the blue credit card on the front edge of the seat of the chair.
Pick up the credit card from the round table.
Move a credit card from the round table to a brown armchair.
With the credit card in your hand turn and go to the coffee table on the side where the gold statue is.
Make a right at the couch corner to reach the small side table.
Put the credit card down on the coffee table.
Pick up the credit card that's in front of you under the laptop.
Put a credit card on the table.
Look down at the desk below the shelf. 
turn right and walk to the end of the left side of the desk at the end of the room and turn right to face it
place the credit card down on the top of the desk on the right
Pick up the credit card that is on the nightstand.
Move a credit card to the desk. 
turn to the right and go to the wall and turn to the right and go to the desk
Turn around and then turn left to face the cabinets above the desk.
Put the credit card on the desk.
Pick up the card from the top of the cabinet
Pick up the card from the cabinet top and put it on the table
Go to the dresser in front of the bed.
Turn around and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the night stand.
Put the credit card below the phone that's surrounded by three clocks.
Pick up the blue credit card that is behind the golden statue on the shelf in front of you.
Move a blue credit card into a drawer.
Turn left and walk forward then stop in front of the drawers on your right.
Turn right and walk to the desk.
Place the credit card on the shelf in front of the books.
pick up the red credit card on the left from the desk top
put a credit card on a book shelf
Turn right then head to the book shelf above the desk on your right
Turn around and cross the room to stand in front of the desk where the computer is.
Put the credit card on the top shelf under the computer on the desk.
Pick up the credit card on the nightstand.
Place a credit card on a shelf.
Turn around and walk to the laptop on the desk to your left.
Turn around, go to the tall black shelves. 
Put the card on the couch under blue pillow. 
Pick the credit card up from the right side of the stand holding the television.
Put a credit card on a couch.
Carry the credit card and turn right, then right again to face the couch.
Take a step forward and turn left and walk forward to face the card on the top of the dresser.
Place the card on the right side of the couch.
Pick up the credit card from the seat cushion.
Move a credit card to the couch.
Turn right to walk to the checkered couch.
Go right and then left to turn left and face the white table with a box on it.
Put the credit card on the couch.
Pick up the credit card from the coffee table.
Move a credit card from a coffee table to a sofa.
Move to the sink in the middle of the counter to your left.
Move to the counter that is left of the sink
Place the gold goblet inside of the sink to the right of the green sponge
Pick up the green sponge from the counter.
Place the green sponge in the cabinet beside the dish washer.
turn to face the microwave
turn around, head towards the shelf, turn left and locate the gas cooker
open the shelf beneath it and place the sponge in it
Pick up the sponge from the edge of the tub. 
To move a sponge to the metal rack. 
Turn around, walk across the room to the towels on the wall, then turn right and walk to the steel cart.
Turn around and cross the room to face the tub near the faucet.
Put the sponge on the back of the toilet.
Open the bottom cabinet and take out the green sponge. Shut the door.
Move a sponge from the cabinet to the toilet.
Turn right and walk over to the wall, then turn right again and walk over to the wall, then turn right to face the toilet.
take a step forward and turn to the right and walk to the table and turn to the right and look down
Place green sponge on toilet tank
Pick up the sponge.
Put the sponge on the back of the toilet.
Turn around, walk to the toilet
Turn around and walk to the dishwasher, then turn right.
Open the fridge, place the egg inside, then close the fridge.
Pick up the egg from the counter.
Put an egg on the top shelf inside the fridge.
Turn right and go to the microwave.
turn right towards the microwave oven 
put the egg inside the microwave oven
Pick up the silver fork to the left of the stove on the counter top.
Put a fork in a wide drawer.
Turn in a circle and face the same counter
Turn left, then go straight, then turn right at the counter next to the fridge.
Put the fork in the drawer beneath the counter.
Pick up the glass vase from the back of the table
Put away the glass vase in the kitchen cabinet.
Turn around to face the cabinets under the toaster.
Turn across the room, turn right, and walk to the refrigerator.
Place the glass in the second cabinet door on the right.
Pick up the vase from the green table.
Place a vase on the green counter next to the martini glass.
Carry the glass vase to the white dishwasher to the left of the sink
Turn left and walk to the stove
Put the vase on the table above the skillet to the right
Pick up the glass pitcher in the sink. 
Put a glass pitcher on the island. 
Turn around and face the green table behind.
Turn around step out of the kitchen, into the walk way, then turn to your left and go to the garbage can on the floor to your right.
Place the glass jug on the top shelf of the refrigerator. 
Pick up the vase on the counter behind the sink. 
Put a vase in a fridge. 
Go the the refrigerator on your left. 
Go forward and turn to the left to face the towel hanging to the left of the counter.
Put the towel in the tub.
Pick up the towel that's on a ring on the wall to your right.
Put a towel in the tub.
Turn left and step forward to face the bath tub.
Turn left, go forward to the wall, turn right, go forward to the left sink/
Put the towel in the tub to the right of the purple rag.
Remove the hand towel from the towel holder on the wall
Carry a hand towel to the bath tub
Turn around, take a few steps
Turn to the left and walk up to the bathroom sink that is on the far left of the counter. 
Place the towel in the bathtub. 
pick up a rag from the ring
Put a rag in the tub.
Carry the hand towel straight back to the bath tub
Turn left and face the towel hanging to the left of the mirror.
Put the towel in the tub.
Remove the towel from the towel holder
Move a hand towel to the bath tub
Turn around to walk across the room to the bathtub.
turn right and walk towards the sink and then turn left towards the wall then turn right again towards the mirror and walk straight and look up
put the towel down on the edge of the bathtub
Pick up the towel hanging to the left of the mirror. 
Put a towel in the tub. 
Turn left, look down to the cabinet under the sink
Move to the right of the sink.
Open up the bottom right cabinet and put the towel in there. 
Take the towel from the rack.
Place the towel inside the cabinet below the sink.
Bring the towel to the cabinet right of the sink.
Turn around and veer left to the counter to the right of the sink.
Place the towel in the left cabinet.
Take the towel off the towel rack.
Place a towel in a cabinet.
Turn around and go to the counter space between the two sinks, on your left. 
Turn around and go left towards the white hand towel between the mirror and toilet.
Place the hand towel on the sink next to the jar of soap.
Grab the hand towel from the holder.
To place the hand towel onto the bathroom sink next the candle.
Turn right and walk to the shower then turn left.
Turn right and look up at the left of the mirror. 
Put the towel down on the counter to the left of the sink. 
take the towel off of the towel rack on the wall
remove the towel from the rack and put it on the sink counter
Back up a few steps then turn around, then go right and then right again and face the toilet
turn right to face the towel rack
put the towel in the trash can
pick up the towel from the towel rack
put a towel into a garbage can
Look down at the green garbage.
walk over to the sink
put the towel in the bin
Take the towel that is hanging to the right of the mirror. 
Put the towel in the green bin. 
Look towards the ground and do a 180 degree turn, then turn to your left and go towards the big towel and trashcan in front of you.
turn left and go towards the sink and counter
place the hand towel in the trash can
Grab the towel on the wall
Move the towel on the wall to the trash can
Turn to face the sink on your right.
Turn right to face towel on wall between sink and toilet.
Place towel to stand up in center of sink.
Take the towel off the towel rack.
Place a towel in a sink.
Take a step to the right to face the left side of the sink.
Walk over to the wall to the left of the sink counter.
Put the wash cloth in the leftmost sink basin.
Pick up the white towel from the metal ring on the wall.
Place a towel in a sink.
Turn to face to the sink at right.
Turn around and stand in front of the towel hanging to the left of the mirror.
Put the towel down in the sink.
Take the towel off the towel rack on the wall.
Place a towel on a toilet tank.
Turn to the toilet on your right. 
go to the bathroom sink
stand the towel up on the back of the toilet tank.
Take the towel down from the towel ring on the wall.
Put a towel on the back of the toilet.
Carry the towel and turn around to face the toilet.
Walk toward the sink and approach the hanging hand towel on the right side of the sink.
Lay the towel over the toilet paper sitting on the back of the tank.
Take the white towel down from the towel ring.
Put a towel on a toilet.
Turn to your left and do to the toilet on your right. 
Turn to the right and go across the room, then face the sink on the left.
Place the towel on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the kettle off of the round black table.
Move a kettle into a cabinet.
turn to face cabinet to the left of the stove 
Turn left, walk a few steps, then turn left to face the kitchen counter. 
Place the tea kettle inside of the lower cabinet and close the door. 
Pick up the tea pot on the left side of the stove.
Move a tea pot from the stove to a shelf.
Turn around, then go right to go to the shelf against the wall.
Turn left and go to the stove.
Put the kettle on the middle shelf, in the center.
Pick up the tea kettle to the left of the white mug on the counter.
Place a tea kettle on a cook top range.
Turn right and walk around the counter to the stove.
Turn around and walk to the counter then turn left and walk to the microwave then turn right.
Put the kettle on the burner in the front all the way to the right.
Pick up the keys from the couch. 
Put the keys on the middle chair. 
Turn around and walk straight, turn right to the brown sofa chairs
Turn around, hang a right towards the couch and walk to the front of the coffee table on the right.
Put the set of keys on the left side of the cushion on the chair.
Pick up the keys from the coffee table.
Move keys from the coffee table to the armchair.
turn right, walk forward, turn right, walk across the room to the wall, turn left to face the chair
Walk forward to take a right at the smaller desk.
Set the keys down on the floral armchair.
Pick up the keys that are behind the pencil on the desk.
Move the keys to the chair.
Turn around and veer right to the patterned chair.
Turn right, move to the counter near the CD.
Place the keys on the arm chair.
Pick up the keys that are sitting on the night stand
Place a set of keys on an armchair
Turn around and walk to the gray chair ahead.
Turn left and walk to the chair to the left of the plant.
Put the keys on the coffee table, to the left of the remote laying horizontally.
Pick the keys up from the couch.
Put keys on a table.
Move to the coffee table to the left
Turn left to face the bad, walk to the bed, when you reach the bed, turn left to the desk, walk straight, turn right and walk to the wall, turn left to face the desk and look up.
Place the keys on the desk table.
Pick up the keys sitting on the top shelf of the desk by the statue 
Move keys from the desk shelf to the desk top
Move to face the right side of the desk top
Look up top of the desk.
Place the keys on the desk area, to the closest side.
pick up the set of keys from the nightstand
Place a set of keys on a desk
Turn around and walk towards the desk
Walk across the room, around the ottoman, to the black table on the far wall.
Put the keys in the drawer within the black table.
Pick up the keys on the chair
Move keys to a drawer
Turn right and walk to the black table with two remote controls on it.
Turn around and turn left between the couch and the coffee table, then go to the chair across from you.
Place the keys on the entertainment stand, underneath the TV.
Grab the right set of keys from the sofa.
Move keys from the sofa to the TV stand.
Turn to the right and take one step, then turn left and walk to the end of the coffee table, then turn left and take one step, then turn right.
Head forward past the bed then hang right and walk to the night stand to the left of the bed
Place the keys on the dresser to the left of the right pen. 
Pick up the keys off the table.
Move keys from a side table to a dresser. 
Turn around, bring the keys around the bed to the dresser across the room.
Walk towards the chair, turn right, then make a left, then a right to walk to the end of the coffee table, then face it.
Place the keys down on the ottoman.
Pick up the keys that are behind the white vase, on the black end table. 
Put the keys on the ottoman.
turn right, walk towards purple ottoman
Look down at the top of the dresser that is directly in front of you. 
Place the keys inside of the safe that sits on top of the dresser and close the door.
Pick up the keys from the top of the desk.
Move the keys from the desk to the safe.
Turn around and go in a circle going back to the brown dresser.
Move to the right and face the small cabinet next to the book shelves.
Put the keys on the lower shelf of the cabinet.
Pick up the keys on the back, right corner of the small, black shelf. 
Put the keys under the top of the shelf. 
Turn to the small, black shelf to your left. 
Turn right and go across the room to the chairs. 
Place the keys on the side table. 
Pick up the set of keys closest to you on the chair. 
Move a set of keys to the bedside table. 
turn around, walk across room to chairs, turn right, walk across room, turn right to face table with a lamp
turn left, walk forward, turn left to face dresser
put the keys on the table
Pick up the keys closest to the pencil.
Put a set of keys down on the nightstand.
walk to face night stand to the right of bed
Turn around and walk a step then turn left and walk to the black dresser then turn left and walk just past it and turn right so you go around it and then turn right to face the length of it.
Put the keys on the night stand.
Pick up the keys to the left of the CD on the chair.
Move a set of keys to a small table. 
Take a couple steps to the left
Go left and then to the right and cross the room to face the shelves with keys and a statue on them.
Put the keys on the couch.
Pick up the keys from the table
Put the keys on the couch
Turn right and go to the purple couch.
Turn around and go to the side of the coffee table with the keys on top.
Place the keys on the top of the middle of the seats near the front edge. 
Grab the keys off of the table
Moving the keys to the sofa
Turn around completely and go forward to the couch. 
Walk forward to the small white table in front of you.
Place the keys on the left cushion of the loveseat.
pick up the keys from the side table
put a set of keys onto a sofa
Turn right and walk to the right cushion of that couch.
Turn left and walk over to the other tide of the television stand. 
Put the keys down on the couch to the left of the laptop. 
Pick up the keys from the table.
Put the keys on the sofa.
Turn completely around to face the couch.
Turn around and go to the coffee table. 
Place the keys on the front, left corner of the right end of the couch.
pick up the keys on the wooden desk.
Pick up the keys and put them on the gray couch.
Bring the knife over to the microwave.
Turn right and go to the sink.
Put the knife in the sink.
Pick up the knife with the yellow handle on the table
Move a knife to the sink basin
Turn around and walk towards the sink.
Turn around to find a circular black table across the room from the oven.
Put the knife in the sink.
Pick up the knife on the counter.
Place a knife in a sink.
Turn right and begin walking across the room, then hang a left and begin walking across the room again, then hang a right and walk up to the kitchen sink.
Move to the counter right of the sink.
Put the spoon in the bowl in the sink. 
Pick up the spoon on the counter, near the potato. 
Put a spoon in the sink. 
Turn to the left and cross the room to the chair 
Turn to the right and walk to the table.
Place the laptop on the seat of the armchair. 
Pick up the laptop sitting on top of the table
Move a laptop to the chair
Carry the laptop to the blue chair to the left of the window
Turn right and walk to the coffee table.
Put the laptop on the seat of the armchair.
Close the laptop on the desk and pick it up.
Move the laptop from the desk to the bed.
Turn around to face the bed.
Turn around and take two steps then turn right and walk across the room, then turn right to face the table. 
Put the laptop down on the edge of the bed.
pick up the laptop from the table
take the laptop from the table to the desk
Turn right and walk past the bed then turn left and walk to the wall then turn right.
Turn around and walk forward across the room, then turn right at the black night stand on the left and walk to the laptops on the bed.
Put the laptop on the desk, in front of the chair.
Pick up the computer on the coffee table. 
Put a computer on the ottoman. 
Bring the computer to the ottoman on the other side of the coffee table.
Turn slightly left then head to the sofa on your right
Put the laptop on the foot rest
Close the laptop and then pick it up.
Put a closed laptop on the ottoman
Turn left and go past the sofa, then turn left and go to the plant then turn left to face the ottoman
Turn left and go to the laptop on the left on the couch
Put the computer on the ottoman above the remote control
Pick up the laptop from the desk
Move a laptop from a desk to a small table
Turn to your right and walk across the room, past the TV, to the white end table on your right. 
Turn to your left and go to the end of the windows on your right, turn left and go to the laptop on the coffee table to your left. 
Place the laptop on the right side of the statue, on the white end table. 
Pick up the laptop.
Place a laptop on the couch.
Turn around and head to the sofa.
Turn left, then walk to the desk on the left in the corner by the window.
Put the laptop on the couch.
grab the lettuce from the sink
move the lettuce to the kitchen counter
Back up slightly so you are a little further away but still facing the same direction.
Move to the table with the coffee machine on it.
Slice the lettuce on the table with the knife. 
Pick up the knife nearest the edge of the table.
Use the knife to cut the lettuce on the table.
Turn around and walk to the white table in the middle
turn left, walk across room, turn left, walk to table
put the mug on the tv stand
Pick up the white cup from the table.
Move a white cup to the TV console.
Turn around and go forward to face the night stand to the right of the bed.
Go left and then turn left before turning right to face the red pillow on the couch.
Put the paper down on the chair.
Pick up the newspaper that is on the second shelf.
Move newspaper to chair.
turn around, walk to face the green chairs opposite the shelves
Move to the black leather loveseat next to the window
Place the newspaper in the trash bin
Pick up the newspaper on the right of the bottom black shelf
Place a newspaper in the garbage bin
Carry the newspaper to the black trash bin to the right of the window
Turn around and move to the other room with the blue couch.
Place the newspaper on the blue ottoman.
pick up the newspaper that is on the table
move newspaper from table to ottoman
Turn around and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the couch then turn right and walk to the fireplace then turn left and walk to the coffee table then turn right and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the ottoman.
Move to the wooden dresser
Place the newspaper on top of the ottoman in front of the box and to the left of the computer
Pick up the left newspaper on the sofa
Put the newspaper on top of the laptop
Turn left, walk to the wall, hang a left and turn left at the plant to face the ottoman.
Turn to your left and walk over to the left side of the entertainment center. 
Place the newspaper on the couch between the white pillow and the laptop.
Pick up the newspaper which is on the TV stand, behind the remote.
Move a newspaper from a TV stand to a sofa.
Turn around completely to face the couch behind you. 
Turn to the left, walk to the tv stand
Place the newspaper on the couch
pick up newspaper from black dresser
place newspaper on couch
Take a step right.
Move forward, turn left to face the stove on the left. 
Put the pot on the counter next to the toaster. 
Remove the pan from the cabinet then shut the cabinet
Move a pan in the cupboard to the counter
Turn around and make your way across the room to the white table.
walk to face stove
put frying pan on the table top
pick the frying pan up off of the counter
move the frying pan from the counter to the table
Go right and turn left to face the sink.
Turn right and the left and walk past the dishwasher towards the marble counter, then turn right and stop at the counter to the right of the sink.
Put the plate in the sink.
Pick up the pan on the back right burner.
Put a pan in the sink.
turn to the right and go to the wall and turn to the right and go to the desk
Turn to your right, go across the room, and face the dust bin on left of the table/desk
Place the pencil on the table
Take the blue pen out of the trash can.
Put the pen on the desk.
Move back from the desk a few steps.
Walk straight towards the desk.
Open the bottom drawer and place the pen in it.
Pick up the pen that is sitting on the left side of the desk
Place a pen in a drawer
take a few steps to the left
turn around, walk across the room, turn left to face the desk
put pen on shelf above desk
Pick up the blue pen from the desk.
Put a pen in the cubby hole above the desk.
Turn around and the face the box on the floor.
Walk forward past the bed to the wooden dresser
Put the pen on the bottom left shelf
pick up the pen that is on the dresser
move pen from the dresser to the shelves
Turn and go to the taller black dresser with the pen in hand.
Turn around and face the long dresser on the short side. 
Place the pen in a clear bowl in the cabinet.
Pick up the pen on the desk.
Place the pen from the desk to the circle table.
Turn around to face the bed, walk straight to the sofa seat, turn right when you reach the sofa seat and walk straight to the small table.
turn left and walk to the end of the bed on the left, then turn left and walk over to the clock on the cabinet on the right
place the pencil down on the small table next to the lamp
Pick up the pen on the dresser which is closest to the mug.
Move a pen from a dresser to a night stand.
Turn left, take a step, turn left, walk to the table beside the bed. 
Turn around, proceed to dresser across room.
Place pencil diagonal on nightstand, to the right of lamp and cup.
Pick up the pen that is lying on the table.
Move the pen from the table to the night stand.
Turn around and take a step, then turn left and walk to the desk
Turn around, walk to area between desk and nightstand.
Place the pencil on the desk, diagonally, to the left of the brown box and the light line.
Pick up the pencil on top of the night stand
Move a pencil to a desk
Step to the right and go to the other desk. 
Turn around and walk towards the wall, then turn right and walk u to the wooden table.
Put the pencil on the wooden desk.
pick up the pencil that is on the night table
put a pencil on the desk
Turn completely around, walk to the end of the bed, turn left, walk to the counter on the other side. 
Go to the bed in front of you, then turn right and go pas the bed to the black chairs, turn to your left and go across the room to the blue, recycle bin on the floor. 
Place the pencil on the front edge of the bottom shelf. 
Pick the pencil up from the night stand.
Put a pencil on a desk.
Turn right and walk to the wall then right again and walk to the side of the desk, the side where the black trash can is sitting
turn around, go to bedside table with lamp on the left of bed
place pencil on brown dresser
Pick up the pencil on the side table.
Move a pencil to the dresser.
Turn around and take two steps then turn right so you're facing the small garbage can.
Move to the desk to the right of you
Place the pencil in the bin
Pick up the pencil sitting on top of the desk on the right side
Move a pencil from the desk to the desk shelf
Move the pencil towards the desk shelf directly above the desk top
Turn to the left and walk to the book case. Turn to the right and walk forward to the desk. 
Place the pencil on the shelving unit. 
pick up the pencil from the stand
move the pencil from the top of the stand to the shelf on the left of the stand
Turn left then head to the drawer beside the book shelf
Turn around and walk right, all the way to the blue bin in the corner.
Place the pencil on the table, to the left side of the CD.
Pick up the pencil on the edge of the dresser. 
Put a pencil on the night stand. 
Turn around to walk across the room towards the nightstand next to the bed.
Turn to your right and walk to the end of the room, then turn right and go to the dresser across from you.
Place the pencil on the right side of the lamp, on the night stand. 
Take the pencil out of the trash can.
Retrieve a pencil and put it on the nightstand near the window.
Turn around and walk across the room to the lamp table.
Turn around completely, walk to the sink, then turn right and walk up to the counter.
Place the shaker down on the counter, to the left of the soap dispenser. 
Open the lower cabinet, below the counter with the toaster and take the shaker out.
Put a shaker on the counter.
Carry the grinder to the counter top left of the stove
Turn right and walk forward to the sink, then turn left and walk to the cabinet above the toaster.
Put the pepper shaker in the middle drawer below the tomato, then close the drawer.
Pick up the salt shaker that is to the left of the sink
Place a salt shaker into a drawer
Take as step to your left then turn right.
Go left and the right and right again to face the counter to the right of the stove.
Put the salt shaker in the drawer and shut it.
Pick up a salt shaker from the brown shelf. 
Move a salt shaker to a drawer. 
Turn to your left and move past the kitchen island to the brown shelving up against the wall. 
turn right, turn right, walk towards fridge, turn right, walk forward, stop to face island on the right
put salt shaker on to the shelf
Pick up the salt shaker on the table
Get the salt shaker on the table going to the shelf rack
Turn right and move to the table next to the stove then turn right and move to the table next to the trash bin in the corner of the room.
Turn around and take a step to stand in front of the sink.
Put the salt shaker on the edge of the top of the black table to the left of the sponge.
Pick up the blue pillow on the left end of the couch.
Put a pillow from the couch on the chair.
turn right, walk past couch, turn right, walk forward to wall, turn left to face chair
Turn left and walk to the couch ahead.
Put the pillow on the cushion of the chair to the left of the keys.
Pick up pillow from couch
Retrieve purple pillow from couch, place pillow on chair in the corner
Turn around and walk across the room, then hang a left and walk over to the black chair.
Turn right, move to the purple pillow on the couch.
Stand the pillow on its side, on the chair. 
Pick up the orange pillow that is near the newspaper on the couch.
To move the pillow.
Turn back around and go across then turn right and go to the arm chair in the corner. 
Walk straight to the couch
Put the pillow on the black arm chair
Pick up the maroon cushion on the bed, the one closest to you.
Place a cushion on a chair.
turn right, take a few steps, turn right, walk forward, turn right to face chair
Turn right and walk over to the small black table, then turn right to face the bed.
Place the purple pillow on the left side of the seat of the chair.
Pick up the plaid throw pillow laying on the couch
Place a throw pillow on the foot stool.
turn to the left and face the chair with the ottoman in front of it
Move straight back to the largest brown sofa on the left side
Place the plaid cushion on top of the ottoman
Pick up the pillow from the chair
Put the pillow on the couch 
Walk to the sofa to the right of the chair.
Move towards the single grey chair that has keys sitting on top of it 
Place the red cushion to the left of the newspaper on top of the sofa
Walk past the tv to the chair.
Move the pillow from the chair to the couch.
Bring the plate to the TV stand.
Turn around and walk to the end table by the white chair
Put the plate on the cabinet
Pick up the plate from the table.
Place the plate from the table on the tv stand.
Turn left and go to the cabinet.
turn around, walk to the other side of the toilet
open the right cabinet door, put the plunger in, close the cabinet
Pick up the toilet plunger that is on the floor next to the toilet. 
To put the plunger inside the cabinet. 
Turn around, walk to sink
Turn around, walk forwards, and hang a right to reach the toilet.
Open the furthest cabinet to the right under the sink and put the plunger in it.
Pick up the plunger with the wooden handle from the floor to the left side of the toilet.
Place a plunger in a cabinet.
Turn around to the right and walk to the sink. 
Turn right and go to the sink then turn right and go to the toilet
Put the plunger in the cupboard on the far left under the sink
Pick up the plunger from the other side of the toilet
Move the plunger from next to the toilet to the cupboard under the sink
Bring the plunger to the sink.
Turn left towards the plunger on the floor.
Open the bottom left cabinet below the sink on the right and put the plunger in it, then close the cabinet.
Pick up the plunger from the ground next to the toilet.
Move the plunger to the cupboard under the sink.
Turn around, bring the plunger passed the toilet to the counter under the right sink. 
Turn around and head towards the white toilet.
Open the second bottom cabinet and place the plunger inside, then shut the cabinet. 
Pick up the plunger from the left side of flush toilet
To put the plunger inside the cabinet
Turn around and walk over to the left most sink by the shower
Go left to stand in front of the toilet.
Open the lower, right cabinet door and put the plunger in and shut the door.
Pick up the plunger to the left of the toilet.
Move a plunger to the cabinet.
Turn to your left and head to the cabinet
Turn left and walk towards the large pot on the counter.
Put the large pot in the sink basin.
Pick up the pot from the counter.
Place a large pot in a sink.
Turn left and walk around the kitchen island to the kitchen sink
Turn left to face the counter with the toaster. 
Put the potato in the microwave.
Pick up the onion from the bottom of the recycling bin. 
Place an onion in the microwave.
Turn around and walk across the kitchen to the microwave in the corner
Turn left and walk to the sink.
Use the knife to slice the potato in the sink basin.
Open the door on the microwave and take the dark colored vegetable. Close the door.
Turn right then turn back left to face the sink.
Slice the vegetable in the sink.
Pick up the remote off of the seat of the couch.
Move a remote to the seat of a chair.
turn left then walk straight a bit then turn left again and then turn right and then turn left then walk straight to the chair then turn right then turn left towards the blue chair
Turn left and go to the dresser, then turn right and go to the sofa then turn left then right
Put the remote on the chair
pick up the remote from the stand
get the remote from the tv stand and put it on the chair.
Turn to the chair to your right. 
Move to the coffee table by the couch.
Put the remote on the chair behind the newspaper. 
grab the remote controller off of the couch cushion
place the remote control on the chair
Go to the seat on the right with the newspaper on its cushion.
turn to the right and take a few steps and turn to the left and take a few steps and go to the TV
put the remote on the left chair
Pick up the remote from the TV stand
Put the remote on the arm chair
Turn to the left and walk up to the chair closest to you.
Turn to the left, walk around the couch, making a left when reaching the end. Face the couch. 
Place the remote in the chair. 
Pick up the remote from the table. 
To move a remote to the chair. 
Turn around, hang a left at the coffee table, take a right at the chair and face the next chair on the left.
Turn right and go as far as the boots, then turn right and take a step then turn left and go the fireplace then turn right and go to the table
Put the remote in front of the keys on the chair
Pick up the remote from the TV stand.
Move the remote to the brown chair.
turn right walk forward to the wall then turn left  stop in the middle of the table 
Turn left and move forward, then turn left to go between the couch and the coffee table, then go to the counter ahead.
Put the remote on the coffee table.
Pick up the remote on top of the wooden table
Carry a remote to the coffee table
Turn left, hang a right at the end of the couch and walk to the dresser with a television on the left.
Go across the room and turn left between the black cabinet and the coffee table, then turn to the end of the coffee table on your left. 
Place the remote on the black cabinet, in front of the TV. 
Pick up the remote on the left side of the couch. 
Put the remote on the cabinst.
Turn right, walk straight, turn left to face the television and television stand.
Turn around and walk halfway across the room before turning left to face the table. 
Place the remote control in front of the television, and near the credit card. 
Pick up the remote on the right.
Put a remote in front of the TV.
Turn around to face the ottoman.
Turn right and take a step, then turn right again. Walk ahead to the far chair and turn right to face its left side.
Place the remote on the front right corner of the ottoman.
Pick up the remote control from the dining table.
Move a remote control from a dining table to an ottoman.
Carry the remote to the left side of the large sofa where the blue cushion is on the sofa
Turn around and walk to the lamp then turn left and walk to the door then turn left and face the round table.
Put the remote on the couch next to the blue throw pillow.
Grab the remote
Put the remote on the couch.
Carry the remote over to the large brown sofa facing the right side of the sofa
Turn left and walk forward, then hang a left and walk across the room to the wooden dresser below the television.
Put the remote on the right side of the seat of the couch.
Pick up the remote that is sitting on the tv stand
Place a remote on a couch
Turn around and face the couch
Turn to the right
Put the remote on the couch
pick up the salt shaker sitting on top of the dishwasher
Move a salt shaker to the table
Turn around and walk towards the table on your left.
Turn around and head to the coffee machine on the left. 
Put the salt on the table to the left of the knife. 
Pick up the bar of soap off of the sink.
Move a bar of soap to a metal shelving unit.
Turn around, head towards the wall in front, and turn right towards the metal rack.
Go forward and then right to face the counter to the left of the sink.
Open the drawer on the bottom row, second from the left and put the soap in it.
pick up soap bar from toilet tank
put soap in drawer
move back away from the toilet slightly
Turn to your left to face the left bathroom sink. 
Place the bar of soap in the trash bin that is to the right of the toilet. 
Pick up the bar of soap on the back of the toilet.
Put a bar of soap in the trash.
Carry the soap to face the far right cupboard under the sink
go forward to white dresser with black rag
open far left cabinet, place blue dispenser in cabinet, close cabinet
pick up the soap bottle from the back of the toilet
move soap bottle from back of toilet to cabinet 
Turn to the right, walk a few steps, then turn left to face the bathroom cabinets.
Turn to the right and stand facing the sinks.
Open the bottom, right cabinet and put the bottle in and shut the door.
Pick up the soap bottle that is sitting between the two sinks
Place a soap bottle into a cabinet.
Look towards the cabinet underneath the sink on the right.
Turn around and walk forward to the bottle of soap near the pink cloth.
Put the bottle of soap on the top rack of the metal cart.
pick up pumper bottle from toilet tank
put pumper bottle on shelves
turn right walk straight then turn right again and walk straight to the toilet then turn left then turn right again then left towards the shelf
Turn and walk to the sinks on the right. 
Place the bottle down on the counter between the two sinks. 
Pick up one of the lotion bottles from the toilet tank lid
Move the lotion bottle from the toilet lid to the counter next to the sink
Face right and go to the sink on the right.
Turn around and cross the room, then make a right and walk to the toilet
Place the soap bottle on the counter to the left of the sink, above the bar of soap
Pick up the bottle to the right of the rag. 
To move a bottle to the bottom drawer. 
Turn around, then turn around again back to sink.
Turn around and go to the left side of the sink to your left. 
Place the soap dispenser in the drawer, under the sink, closest to the shower. 
Pick up the soap from the table.
Place soap into a bin.
Hold the lotion and turn to the left. Turn right to face the trash can on the right.
Go forward, then turn right of the sink.
Put the soap bottle in the trash bin.
Open the left side cabinet under the left sink and pick up the soap pump
Place a soap pump into a garbage bin
Move over to your right so that you are in front of the green, garbage bin. 
Turn left and walk over to the toilet, then turn left and walk up to the sink counter.
Put the soap bottle in the green bin.
Pick up the pump bottle on the back of the toilet. 
Put the pump bottle in the garbage can. 
Head over to the cabinet by the trash can.
turn around, walk towards sink
put soap dispenser in trash can
grab a soap dispenser off of the bathroom sink there
place a soap dispenser inside the garbage
Turn left and walk to the red garbage to the left of the left sink.
Turn around and walk to the counter that has two sinks.
Put the soap dispenser in the red trash can.
Open the cabinet that is second from the right, below the sinks and take the bottle out.
Put a bottle in a trash can.
Turn left and take a step forward, then turn left to face the small red bin.
Head over to the toilet.
Place the bottle into the trash can.
Pick up the soap container on the wall of the bath tub.
Put the soap container in the trash.
Turn around go straight and face the trash can to the right of the toilet.
Walk to the dresser on your left.
Put the bottle in the trash can.
Pick up the pump bottle, on the back, right corner of the counter. 
Put the pump bottle in the garbage can.
Turn around and go to the black table
Turn around walk forward then turn to the left and walk over to the toilet. 
Set the soap dispenser on the table between the spray bottle and plant. 
Pick the bottle up from the back of the toilet.
Put a bottle on a table.
Turn right, proceed to end of sink area, turn left.
Go to the left side of the bathroom sink and face the counter.
Put the soap on the back of the toilet to the right of the red wash cloth.
Pick up the soap bottle off of the counter.
Place the soap bottle on the back of the toilet. 
go to toilet to the left
Take a step to your right then walk to the sink.
Put the soap on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the bottle of soap from the counter.
Move a bottle of soap from a counter to the top of a toilet.
Holding the dispenser, turn around 180 degrees to face the toilet.
Walk forward and turn right to go to the trash can.
Put the lotion on the back of the toilet.
Take the lotion out of the trash can.
Set a bottle of lotion on the back of the toilet.
Turn around and face the toilet.
Move to the counter top in between the two sinks to the right of the toilet.
Place the dispenser on the back of the toilet.
Open the second door from left of the cabinet under the sink, take the bottle out, close the cabinet
Move the bottle from the cabinet to the toilet
Turn around and turn left. Go to the sinks. Turn left again to face the toilet.
turn right and walk straight then turn left towards the garbage and look down
put the bottle on the top of the toilet 
Pick the bottle up from the counter between the sinks.
Put a bottle on the back of a toilet.
Turn around and head towards the white toilet.
Turn left and walk a step then turn right and walk to the table in front of you.
Place the soap dispenser on the back of toilet to the left of the yellow spray bottle.
Pick up the perfume bottle.
Put a perfume bottle on a toilet tank.
Turn around and move to the toilet.
Turn around and go to the dresser directly in front of you.
Place the soap on the back of the toilet, to the left of the cylinder. 
Pick up the pink bottle from the cabinet
Put the pink bottle on the toilet

Turn to the right and walk to the sink
Walk to the left side of the sink to your left.
Put the spoon in the sink basin.
Walk to the sink
Take the spoon next to the bowl, put it in the sink
Turn around and go to the sink to your left. 
Turn around and walk to the round wooden table on the left.
Put the spoon inside the sink in front of the black plate.
Pick up the spoon on the edge of the counter. 
Put a spoon in the sink. 
Move over to the lower cabinet that is to the left of the trash bin.
Turn around and walk to the left side of the toilet.
Put the spray bottle in the far right cupboard.
Pick up the spray bottle from the counter between the two sinks.
Put a spray bottle away under the sink.
turn right, walk forward and face the sink that is on the left
Walk over to the small red bin on the ground to your right.
Put the purple spray bottle on the counter in between the two sinks.
Pick up the purple spray bottle from the back of the toilet.
Move a spray bottle to the counter in between the sinks.
Turn around and go to the sink
Go to the toilet.
Put the spray bottle on the counter by the sink. 
Pick up the white spray bottle from inside the silver container.
Place a spray bottle on the counter.
Turn right and take about three steps then turn left and walk to the short cabinet.
Go to the right and face the toilet.
Put the bottle on the counter.
Pick up the yellow spray bottle from the right side of the toilet tank.
Place a spray bottle on a dresser.
Turn around and go to the sink across from you. 
Turn around and walk to the white toilet.
Open the left drawer under the vanity, put the spray bottle inside and close the drawer.
Pick up cleaner from counter
Pick up cleaner from counter and place below in drawer
Turn left and walk across the room to the garbage can which is on the floor to the left of the counter.
Turn to your right and walk across the room to the shower, then turn left and go to the sink. 
Place the grey, spray bottle in the blue recycle bin, on the floor. 
Pick up the blue spray bottle on the left side of the back of the toilet. 
Put a spray bottle in the bin. 
Take a step right.
Go forward and turn right to face the white cabinet.
Put the bottle in the gray waste basket.
Pick up the spray bottle.
Throw away the spray bottle on the counter.
Carry the spray and move to the grey trash bin to the left of the white door
Walk forward to the toilet. 
Put the spray bottle in the trash bin.
Pick up the white spray bottle on the bathroom counter, between the two sinks. 
Put the spray bottle in the garbage can.
carry the spray bottle to the silver trash bin in the corner of the room
Turn around and walk to the toilet, face the toilet so you are looking at it from the side
Place the yellow spray bottle into the trash can
Pick up the yellow spray bottle
Place a spray bottle into a trash can
turn around, walk forward to the wall
Turn around and go to face the bathroom counter where the soap and the spray bottle are.
Throw the spray bottle in the trash can.
Grab the spray bottle off of the counter
Putting a spray bottle in the trash can
Turn around and take a step, then turn right and take a step, then turn right to face the toilet
Move to the opposite corner of the room to the left side of the bathroom counter top
Place the spray bottle on top of the toilet tank in front of the lotion bottle
Grab the spray bottle by the sink.
Put the spray bottle on the toilet.
Turn around and carry the purple spray bottle to the back of the toilet
Turn around and walk to the wall then turn right.
Put the purple spray bottle on the back of the toilet near it's bottom left corner so it's facing left.
Open the right cabinet and take out the purple spray bottle that is in the cabinet.
Move a spray bottle from the cabinet to the back of the toilet. 
turn left, take two steps, turn left, walk to wall, turn left to face toilet
go to the right side of the bathtub
put the bottle on the back of the toilet
pick up the spray bottle from the counter of the tub
take the spray bottle from the bathtub to the toilet
turn around and face the toilet
Move left then forward to the left side of the bathroom cabinet
Place the spray bottle on the back of the toilet in the middle
Open the cupboard and remove the green spray bottle in the cupboard
Move a spray bottle to the toilet tank
Turn around, hang a right at the door, turn right after the sink and face the toilet on the left.
move to the left a bit
put the spray bottle on top of the toilet
Pick up the spray bottle to the left of the sink from the corner of the vanity.
Place a spray bottle on top of a toilet cistern.
Turn around, hang a left at the sink and walk to the white toilet.
Turn left and walk to the trash can that is in between the sink and the toilet
Place the spray bottle on the back of the toilet in front of the candle stick
pick up a spray bottle that is on the table
move spray bottle from table to back of toilet
turn around, walk across room, turn right, walk to toilet
Turn left to face the cabinet next to the blue trash can.
Set the white spray bottle down on the toilet tank lid.
Pick up the yellow spray bottle to the rear of the green rag from the vanity.
Place a spray bottle on the toilet cistern.
Turn around and walk to the side of the toilet
Turn around and go to the counter behind you. 
Place the yellow spray bottle on the back of the toilet, to the left of the candle. 
Pick up the statue that is sitting on the kitchen table. 
Move a statue to the coffee table. 
Carry the statue and turn left, then right and go across the room. Face the glass coffee table on the right.
Walk forward to the gray chair in the corner. Walk between the TV and the black coffee table.
Set down the black item with a square black base.
Grab the statue on top of the table.
Place statue on top of small coffee table.
Go left and stand in front of the brown coffee table.
Turn around to the left and walk to the end table between the wall and armchair. 
Place the figurine on the coffee table. 
Pick up the green statue from the white shelf.
Place a statue on a table.
walk to face coffee table
Turn around, go forward to the bin, turn left, go forward, turn right at the left side of the TV.
Put the statue in front of the remote control on the coffee table.
Take the statue from on the table.
Put a statue on the coffee table.
Turn right and then right again to  Face the coffee table.
Turn left to the table
Put the statue one the coffee table by the white box
pick up the dog statue from the desk
take the statue from the desk to the coffee table
Walk around to the other side of the coffee table, directly across from you. 
Walk forward to find a wooden desk with a white chair in front of it and stand in front of it.
Put the dog figurine on the wooden coffee table.
Pick up the dog statue from the dining table.
Move a dog statue from the dining table to the coffee table.
Turn around, take a left, hang a right at the door and walk to the wooden coffee table on the right.
turn right, walk to bed, turn left, walk to the window
put the statue on the dresser
pick up the statue on the window
move the statue from the window to the dresser
Turn left to walk to the dresser.
Turn left and walk around the coffee table. Turn right to face the coffee table,
Place the statue on the side table.
pick up the statue that is on the table
examine the statue with the lamp
Turn right, hang a left at the box on the couch and turn right at the window to reach the small black table next to the couch.
Move towards the dresser in front of the mirror then turn left and move to the corner of the room where the shopping bag is on the floor.
Place the tennis racket on top of the black and white comforter in the center of the bed.
Pick up the racket on the floor.
Pick up the racket on the floor to place it on the bed.
walk over to the bed
turn left, walk around the bed, turn right, walk to the head of the bed, turn right and face the head of the bed
put the tennis racket on the bed in front of the grey computer
Pick up a racket from the floor 
Put a racket on the bed.
Turn to your right and walk to the end of the bed, then stand at the foot of the bed on your right. 
Turn left and walk to the wall, then turn left and walk to the corner.
Put the racket on the bed in between the pillow and the book.
pick up tennis racket from floor
put tennis racket on bed
Walk around the bed, to the side you were originally on.
Walk forward and slightly to your right.
Put the racket on the desk.
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor.
Move a tennis racket from the floor to a desk.
Go right and face the dresser with the computer and lamp.
Turn right and face the bed.
Stand up the tennis racket on its base on the top of the dresser next to the lamp.
pick up the tennis racket from the floor by the bed
Place a tennis racket on the dresser
Turn left, then left again to go to the nightstand next to the bed.
Go to the right and face the racket in the corner.
Put the racket on the night stand.
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor. 
Placing a tennis racket on a table. 
Turn left and go to the coffee table.
Turn around, walk pass the dining table, turn left, walk to the side of the dining table
Put the tissue box on the coffee table
Pick up the box of tissues on the table
Move a box of tissues to the coffee table
Turn right to face the bed and then to the left back towards the chest of drawers holding the box lower.
Turn right, walk to the white dresser
Put the tissue box on the car key
Open the top left shelf and pick up the box of tissues in it. 
Put the tissue box on the top of the dresser. 
Carry the tissue box to the trash bin to the right of the sink
turn right and head towards the shelf
trash the paper box
pick up the paper box
place a paper box in the bin 
Turn left, go to end of table, turn right, go to end of table.  Turn left, go to end table across room with pen on it.
Look down at the coffee table in front of you.
Place the box of tissues down on the table, to the left of the statue.
Pick of tissue box from center of table.
Move tissue box from one table to another.
Turn around and go to the toilet. 
Turn to your right and go to the counter area, between the two sinks. 
Place the box of tissue, to the right of the green spray bottle, on the back of the toilet. 
Pick up the box of tissues from the counter.
Move a box of tissues from the dresser to the lid of the toilet tank.
Turn around and walk to the toilet.
Turn to the right then go forward to the sinks.
Open the drawer in the counter and place the empty toilet paper roll inside. 
Take the roll of toilet paper off of the the toilet paper holder that is on the wall. 
Move a roll of toilet paper to a drawer. 
Hold the toilet paper and take a step backward.
Turn to your left and head to the toilet
Throw the cardboard tube in the trash can
Take the toilet paper from the holder on the wall.
Put toilet paper in the waste basket.
Turn left and walk towards the trash bin.
Turn right and move towards the window next to the toilet paper dispenser then turn right and face the toilet in the corner of the bathroom.
Place the cardboard roll in the rubbish bin between the toilet and the vanity.
Pick up the toilet paper roll from the floor.
To throw away an empty toilet paper roll.
Turn around and walk forward until you reach the empty shelf, then turn right.
Walk forward toward the counter, then turn right and walk to the toilet paper roll holder on the wall.
Put the toilet paper roll on the counter to the left of the yellow bottle.
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll from the edge of the bath tub. 
Put the empty toilet paper roll between the bottle and the candle on top of the water tank. 
Turn around then turn right and go to the toilet
turn left, turn left, walk to the tub
put the paper roll on the toilet
Pick up roll of toilet paper from container on the floor.
Move toilet paper from container to back of toilet.
Turn around, face the toilet
turn left, walk forward, stop to face the first white table on the right
put the empty toilet paper roll on the back of the toilet
Pick up the roll of toilet paper that is sitting on the back of the toilet
Place a roll of toilet paper onto a toilet paper holder
Turn right and face the toilet paper holder
Turn left and face the shelves on your right.
Place the toilet paper roll on the holder on the right.
Pick the toilet paper roll up from the back of the toilet.
Put toilet paper from the back of a toilet on the holder on the wall.
Turn left and face the toilet paper holder.
Turn to the left, move toward the sink, then turn right and move towards the red plunger next to the toilet.
Place the cardboard roll on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the toilet paper roll from the counter to the right of the sink. 
To move a toilet paper roll to the toilet paper dispenser. 
Walk over to the toilet and look down.
Go to the cupboard under the sink next to the wall.
Place the empty toilet paper roll on the holder.
Pick up the roll of toilet paper on top of the counter left of the sink
Move toilet paper to the toilet paper roll holder
Turn right and walk past the toilet then turn left and walk to the wall then turn left.
Turn around and walk to the roll of toilet paper on the counter.
Place a roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder.
Carry the brown toilet paper roll to the toilet
turn left and walk forwards a bit, then hang a left to face the right side of the bathroom cabinet counter
place the toilet paper roll roller on the toilet paper roll holder
Pick up the roll of toilet paper on the toilet tank.
turn left, towards the sink
set the tissue paper roll on the tissue paper stand
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll on the sink.
Put an empty toilet paper roll on the holder. 
Carry the brown tube to the right where the roll holder is on the wall
Turn around and walk to the sink.
Put the toilet paper roll on the holder.
Pick up the toilet paper from the back of the toilet.
Put the toilet paper on the toilet paper holder.
Carry the toilet paper and turn around, then left. Turn left to face the sink.
walk to face sink on left side
put toilet roll on toilet roll hanger
Turn left and turn right to the hanger on the wall
Walk forward to the toilet.
Place the roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the empty toilet roll on the counter.
Move an empty toilet paper roll to the holder.
Look down at the toilet paper holder on the wall to your right.
Turn to your left and take a step towards the wall, then turn to your right and walk to the toilet
Place the empty roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder
Grab the empty toilet paper roll, on the back of the toilet, behind the full toilet paper roll. 
Put a toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder. 
Turn around and then go to the right to stand in front of the toilet paper holder on the wall to the left of the toilet.
Turn left to face the black stand.
Put the cardboard roll on the toilet paper roll holder.
Pick up the orange tube on the table.
Place the empty toilet paper tube on the toilet paper holder.
Turn around and take a few steps then hang right and walk to the toilet paper holder that is hanging on the wall by the toilet
Turn to your right and walk across the room to the garbage can in the corner.
Put the empty toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder, on the wall.
Pick up the toilet paper cardboard tube out of the bin.
Put the toilet paper cardboard tube from the trash bin back to the toilet paper holder.
Carry the toilet paper over to the toilet paper holder to the left side of the toilet on the wall
Turn completely around and walk over to the toilet paper holder on the wall.
Move an empty roll of toilet paper from the floor to the toilet paper holder. 
Walk to the empty toilet paper holder on the right side of the toilet.
Move forward, turn left to face the toilet from the side.
Put the toilet paper on the holder. 
Pick up the empty toilet roll off the toilet. 
Put an empty toilet paper roll on a toilet paper holder. 
Turn around and walk forward to face the toilet paper holder on the wall.
turn right, walk across room to the toilet
put the toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder
take the roll of toilet paper from the counter
take the roll of toilet paper from the counter, put it on the holder
turn left to approach the toilet paper holder
Turn around and walk to the toilet.
Put the toilet paper roll on the toilet roll holder.
Pick up the empty roll of toilet paper between the two sinks.
Place an empty roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder.
Look up at the black metal holder on the wall to the left of the toilet tank.
Turn around and go to the toilet behind yo. 
Place the roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder, hanging from the wall. 
Pick up the toilet paper roll on the toilet tank.
Place a toilet paper roll in a toilet paper dispenser.
turn to the left, walk to the white table, turn to face the table
Move to the black trash can to the right of the counter
Place the tomato on the table to the front right of the round purple vegetable
Pick up the tomato on the counter. 
Move the tomato to the microwave. 
Turn left and head to the stove.
Turn around and walk up to the sink
Put the tomato in the microwave
Pick up the tomato that's in front of you to the left of another tomato.
Put a tomato in the microwave.
Bring the tomato to the microwave, right of the fridge.
Turn left then walk towards the microwave, turn left then head towards the door, then turn left towards the counter.
Open the microwave door, place the tomato on the plate on the right side of the potato, then close the door.
Pick up the tomato that is furthest away from you
Place a tomato in a microwave
carry the tomato across the room to the counter that has the microwave on it
Move to the right and face the counter.
Put the tomato in the microwave.
Pick the tomato up from the counter.
Put the tomato in the microwave.
Turn around and walk forward until you reach the microwave.
Move right then left and straight back to the counter top by the sink
Cut the tomato on the counter
Pick up the butter knife that is on the counter, to the left of the microwave. 
Walk over to the kitchen sink.
Use a large metal knife to slice up a tomato on the counter.
Walk to the left, face the fridge. 
go to the counter just to the right of the fridge
open the fridge door then close it
Pick up the butter knife from the counter.
Turn around towards the sink while carrying the knife.
Pick up a slice of tomato from the counter.
Place a slice of tomato in the fridge.
Turn around, go forward, hang a right and go to the white table where the tomato is.
Put the knife down on the black table. 
Turn to the left, go to the small black table that is between the white table and the wall.
Turn right and go towards the door, then turn right again to go to the black table and look downward.
Slice the tomato on the black table.
Pick up the knife from the table.
Slice the tomato on the black stand.
Turn right, walk almost to the end of the counter, then turn right and walk up to the microwave stand. 
Turn right and go to the front of the refrigerator. 
Place the tomato on the left corner of the table.
Turn around to go back to the small black table with a microwave.
Turn right to face the left side of the sink.
Place the knife on the left edge of the table the microwave is on.
Step to the right to face the table to the right of the fridge.
Cut the tomato on the counter into slices.
Pick up the knife.
Cut a tomato in half.
Turn around and face the sink on the right.
turn left, take two steps, turn right, walk past counter, turn right, walk forward, turn left,  walk to counter to the right of the sink
get a knife to cut a tomato
Turn around to walk to the coffee table.
turn right and walk towards the window  turn left and stop at the television
place the vase on the table in the middle of the room
Pick up the round, gold object that is on the television stand. 
Move a round, gold object to the coffee table. 
Turn around to face the coffee table.
Move forward towards the TV.
Place the vase onto the coffee table.
Pick up the blue vase from the shelf. 
Put a blue vase in a safe. 
Turn around and head across the room to the white safe on the floor in the corner behind the black desk.
Move to the dining table.
Put the vase in the safe on the floor. 
Pick up the yellow glass.
Place a glass on a table.
Turn around and go to the end table across from you. 
Move back then right then left facing the large wooden end table against the wall
Place the vase on the far left side on top of the wood table
pick up the watch that is on the bottom shelf of TV stand
move a watch from TV stand to the coffee table
Turn left, proceed to chair.  Proceed to couch, turn left.
walk forward, turn left, walk across room, turn left after dining room table, turn right to face small black table
put the watch on the coffee table
Pick up the watch that is on top of the TV stand
Move a wrist watch to the coffee table
Turn around and go to the coffee table behind you.
walk forward to the shelf
place the watch on to the table between the couch and chair
Pick up the watch off of the seat of the pink chair.
Move a watch to the coffee table.
turn left, walk forward, turn left, walk forward, turn left to face the coffee table
Turn around, then turn left and cross the room, at the red chair take a right and cross the room to the long TV stand with all the drawers
Place the watch on the coffee table to the right of the statue
Pick up the watch on the TV stand
Move a watch to the coffee table
Turn around and go to the coffee table in the center of the rug. 
Go to the right and turn around to face the end of the cabinet with the television on it.
Put the watch on the table.
Pick up the watch that is behind the alarm clock on the table. 
Move the watch to the desk.
turn around, walk past beds, turn left, walk past bed, turn left, take a few steps, turn right, walk forward to the desk
Turn around to the left and walk to the television. 
Place the watch onto the top left-hand shelf under the television. 
Pick up the watch that is near the edge of the right end of the entertainment stand. 
Put the watch on the shelf of the entertainment stand. 
Carry the watch and take a step back.
Walk over to the wooden table with the television on it.
Put the watch on the table in front of the newspaper.
Pick up the watering can from the floor.
Move a watering can from the floor to a cabinet.
Turn around, walk to the wall, then turn left, walk a few steps, then turn left again to face the coffee table. 
Turn left walk straight the turn right and head to the window
Put the watering can on the table beside the laptop
Pick up the pitcher on the floor.
Place a pitcher on a coffee table.
Turn around and walk around the coffee table to the black desk.
Move to the plant in the corner.
Put the watering can on the black desk. 
Pick up the tea pot on the floor, to the right of the couch.
Put a tea pot on the desk.
Turn left then cross the room head to the tv stand 
Turn left, go towards the window and look down to the left.
Put the tea pot on the dresser.
Pick up the teapot at the base of the tall lamp.
Move a teapot from the base of a tall lamp to the black dresser.
Turn around and walk over to the left side of the kitchen table.
Turn around, go straight then turn left to face the waste basket in between the counter and the refrigerator.
Place the bottle on the white table.
grab the bottle in the trash bin
move the wine bottle from the trash bin to the table
Carry the wine bottle to the brown book shelf in the corner of the room
turn around, walk to the sink
put the wine bottle on the shelf
