turn right, turn left, walk towards the small desk on the left side
put the alarm clock on the desk
pick up an alarm clock that is on the desk
move an alarm clock from a table to a desk
Carry the alarm clock to the other desk to the left 
Move to the night stand to the right of the bed facing the clock
Place the clock on the edge of the desk
Pick up the alarm clock on the table.
Place the alarm clock from the bedside table on to the desk.
turn right and walk forward to the wall then turn right and walk to the side of the desk
Turn left and face the green dresser with the clock on it.
Put the clock on the desk.
Pick up the clock that is sitting on the night stand
Place a clock on a desk
Walk a step the the left and face the front of the desk.
Turn right and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the table.
Put the alarm clock to the right of the book near the edge of the table.
Pick up the alarm clock towards the back.
Take an alarm clock to move it to the desk.
With the alarm clock, turn around and walk straight to the desk against the wall.
walk to face the night stand on the right of the bed
put the clock on the desk
Pick up the alarm clock from the night stand.
Move an alarm clock from a night stand to a table.
Carry the clock over to the dresser against the wall
Turn left and walk straight ahead to the alarm clock.
Place the alarm clock on middle of the dresser, all the way forward to the ledge.
Pick up the alarm clock on top of the shelf
Move an alarm clock to the dresser
Turn left and approach the left side of the same desk
Turn left and walk to the wooden table.
Put the clock on the top shelf to the right.
Grab the clock on the table
Move the clock from the table to the cabinet above
turn right, walk to the dresser
Turn around and walk halfway across the room, then turn to the left and walk to the table to the right of the bed. 
Put the lunchbox on the upper shelf of the desk, to the right of the car keys.
Pick up the clock that is sitting on the desk
Place a clock on a shelf
Turn to the left, walk to the wall, turn to the left again and walk up to the nightstand. 
Move to the kitchen island counter top on the opposite side of the oven facing the knife
open the fridge and cut the yellow apple to the left of the tomato, close the fridge
grab a knife off of the counter
turn left and walk over to the stove at the end of the room, then take a left and walk over to the fridge on the right
grab an apple slice out of the microwave
place an apple slice inside of the fridge
Turn to the left to face the microwave.
Pick up the knife on the counter.
To place an apple in the microwave and cut it into three slices.
Turn left to face the microwave.
walk forward, turn left, walk towards the stove
open microwave, slice the apple, close the microwave
pick up the bat that is on the floor
move a bat from the floor to the bed
Turn around and walk up to the end of the bed.
Turn around and cross the room and turn to the left to face the bat and racket on the floor in the corner.
Put the bat down on the left side of the bed.
pick up the bat that is on the floor
move the bat from the floor to the bed
Turn right and take a small step forward then turn right and walk until you're even with the middle of the side of the bed then when you are turn right and walk to the bed.
Move to the metal bat on the floor.
Put the bat on the bed. 
Grab the baseball bat on the floor behind the tennis bat
Move the baseball bat from floor to the bed
Turn right and face the bed.
Turn around and look down at the basketball.
Put the basketball on the bed.
Pick up basketball from the floor.
Pick up the basketball, carry it to the other side of the room, set it on the the bed near the rightmost pillow.
Turn around and head towards the bed on your left.
Walk over to the right side of the wooden desk.
Put the basketball on the bed.
Pick up the ball on the floor beside the desk
Bring the ball to the bed
Move towards the desk with the black chair.
Move to the side of the desk.
Put the basketball on the desk. 
pick up the basketball that is under the table
move basketball from under the table to on the table
Walk around to face the side of the white table.
Move towards the wooden dresser on the side closest to the bed
Place the basketball on top of the green table between the red item and the keys
Pick the basketball up from the floor.
Put a basketball on a dresser.
Carry the basketball to the green table
Go forward to the wall, turn right, and head toward the table on the right.
Put the book on top of the armchair to the left of the couch.
pick up the book that is on the coffee table
move book from coffee table to chair
Turn around and face the gray chair.
Move towards the television then turn right and face the coffee table.
Place the book on the front right corner of the chair to the right of the credit card.
Pick up the book closest to the edge of the table.
Put a book on a chair.
Turn back around and walk to the brown chair with the remote on it.
Walk forward to the wall then turn left and walk to the table.
Put the book on the chair's cushion.
Grab the book on the desk.
Place the book on the sofa seat.
turn left, walk forward, turn left to face floral chair
Turn left walking towards the wall. Turn left walking towards the desk.
Put the book on the bed.
Grab the book on the night stand
Move the book from the night stand to the bed
Turn left and walk to the end of the bed.
Turn right, move to the desk across the room.
Put the book on the bed.
face the desk long ways, pick up the book from the desk
put a book on to the bed
Turn around and walk to the bed.
turn around, take a step, turn left, walk to desk
put the book in the cabinet
Pick up the book nearest the far wall from the bed
Put the book in the desk cabinet
Turn left and walk towards the wall, then turn left, walk up to the wooden table and look up at the cabinets.
Turn left and begin walking across the room, then hang a left and walk up to the brown chair.
Put the book on the coffee table to the right of the closest golden statue.
Pick up magazine off of brown chair.
Move a magazine from a chair to a table.
Go forward and turn to the left to face the table with the box on it.
Turn around and walk to the bed across the room . 
Place the book in the desk, in front of the statue on the left. 
pick up the book from the bed
get the book from the bed and put it on the desk.
Turn left and walk to the desk.
Turn to the right and then left to face the bed.
Put the book on the desk.
Pick up the rightmost book off of the bed.
Move a book to a wooden desk.
turn around, walk to the wall, turn right to face desk
Move to your right some so you are facing the center of the bed.
Place the book right in front of the chair and to the right of the cd.
pick up the book on the bed
move the book from the bed to the desk
Turn right and go across the room, then turn right to face the desk with the lamp on it.
Go forward and then turn to the right to face the box on the floor next to the green dresser.
Put the book down on the desk.
Pick up the book on the front, right corner of the bed.
Place a book on the desk.
turn left, walk across room, turn right to face desk
Go straight, turn right near bed.
Walk towards desk and place magazine onto desk.
Pick up the book in front of the laptop from the bed
Put the book on the dresser
Turn around and walk to the dresser
Turn to your left and go to the foot of the bed. 
Place the book on the front, right corner of the night stand 
Pick up the book that is sitting on the bed
Place a book on a night stand
turn to the right then hang left and head back towards the couch turn left and face the couch.
Turn around, move forward a few feet, turn right to face the book on the dining table.
Put the book on the couch.
Pick up the book on the table, in front of the chair. 
Put a book on the couch.
Turn left and bring the book to the blue couch. 
Turn left and face the desk in the corner of the room
Place the book on the sofa cushion
Take the book off of the chair.
To put the book on the couch. 
Turn around to face the couch.
Turn around, walk forward slightly, then turn right and walk to the empty box on the chair, then turn right and walk to the book on the coffee table.
Put the book on the sofa, to the left of the pillow.
Grab the book on the table
Move the book from the table by the window to the sofa
Turn around and bring the book to the grey couch. 
Turn right and walk to the TV.
Set the bowl down on the coffee table.
Pick up the white bowl to the left of the sculpture.
To move a bowl from the side table to the coffee table. 
move to the left a bit and face the fridge
Walk to end of the counter next to the fridge.
Open the fridge, put the bowl inside on the shelf, and close the fridge.
grab a bowl from the cupboard above the stove
put a bowl in the refrigerator
Turn around and walk to the green, arm chair across from you. 
Turn right, move to the first wooden shelf, face the box on the shelf. 
Put the box on the chair.
Pick up the box on the dresser.
Transfer the box from a red dresser on to the green chair.
Take the box and turn to the chair on the left.
walk forward, turn left, walk a few steps, turn left to face the brown table
put the box on the chair
pick up the box from the couch
Place a box on a chair
Turn around and walk towards the black armchair, standing in front of it.
walk forwards to the couch on the left, turn to face the couch
place the box down on top of the small chair
Pick up the box on the coffee table,
Put a box on the chair.
Turn around and move towards the white coffee table.
Turn around and cross the room and go right and then turn to the left to face the box next to the blue chair.
Put the box on the table.
pick up the box from the floor
Place a box on a desk
turn around, walk to face the desk
Turn right to face the empty box on the floor.
Place the empty box on the back right corner of the desk.
Pick the box up from under the table.
Put a box on a table.
Take the box and go right around the table to the far side. 
Turn right and go to the end of the dining table.
Set the box on the right of the vase on the table.
Pick up the cardboard box that is on the couch.
Put a cardboard box on a table. 
Carry the empty box to the black TV stand against the blue wall
Move to the clear glass table facing the cardboard box in top of the table
Place the empty box on top of the sofa to the left of the laptop
Pick up the box from the table, turn left
Take the box from the kitchen table, put it on the red couch
Carry the box and turn to the left and right to go around the table. Go to the red couch across the room.
Walk ahead to the box on the floor.
Place the box on the blue couch, in the center where the cushions meet.
Pick the box up from the floor.
Put a box on a couch.
Go to the other side of the table
Turn left and walk to the empty box on the coffee table.
Put the empty box on the right seat of the sofa.
pick up the box that is on the coffee table
move a box from the coffee table to the couch
Turn to the right and walk to the stove, then turn left to face it. 
Go to the right towards the stove and make a right and go to the counter.
Place the bread inside the microwave and shut the door.
Pick up the bread on the counter. 
Put bread in the microwave. 
turn right and walk forwards to the kitchen counter with the toaster
open the cabinet below the kitchen counter on the left and place the knife inside
turn right and walk to the end of the room, then hang a right and move to the microwave at the other end of the room
Turn around, go to the sink on the right.
Slice the bread next to the bottle on the counter.
Turn right,  bear straight and right and go back to the counter to the right of the stove top.
Put the slice of bread to the left of the knife on the stand.
grab a knife off of the kitchen counter
turn around and walk forwards a bit
grab a slice of bread off of the kitchen counter
place a sliced loaf of bread in front of the microwave
Turn to the left. 
Walk across the room to the counter to the left of the stove. 
Open the drawer on the right and put the knife in the drawer. 
Pick up the knife on the edge of the counter in front of the potato. 
To put the knife in a drawer. 
Take a couple steps to the left
Turn right and walk to the left side of the white table on your right turning right to face it when you get to the left side of the white table.
Put the knife on the small black table running along the edge like the yellow handled knife.
Pick up the silver knife to the right of the black plate on the table.
Place a knife on a table.
Turn around and walk forward to the cabinets below the sink on the right.
Turn right, move to the wall, turn right to face the left side of the toilet. 
Put the candle in the left cabinet under the right sink.
pick up the candle that is on the edge of the tub
move candle from edge of tub to cabinet
Turn around to face the sink.
Move to the left side of the sink where the counter top is
Open the middle cupboard, place yellow tube in the cupboard then shut the cupboard
Take the candle on top of the toilet.
Place a candle in the cabinet.
Bring the candle to the cabinet under the sink on the right. 
Turn right to face the toilet.
Open the lower cabinet door and place the candle in it.
Pick up the rightmost candle on the back of the toilet. 
Put a candle in the cabinet. 
Turn around and cross the room to face the silver shelves in the corner.
Turn around and walk to the toilet. 
Place the candle on the top shelf of the cart.
Pick up the candle from the counter.
Move a candle to a bathroom rack.
turn around and walk over to the toilet at the end of the room, then turn left and walk over to the towel rack at the end of the room
Turn around and walk to the toilet.
Place the candle near the red objects at the edge of the bath tub.
Pick up the candle from the toilet. 
Put the candle on the counter next to the tub. 
move a bit to the left and face the bathroom tub
move left to the sink
place the candle at the side of the sink
Pick up the green candle on top of the toilet tank
Move a candle to the bathroom counter top
Turn around and walk to the middle of the vanity in between the sinks.
Go to the left of the sink
Put the candle in the top left drawer
Pick up the candle in front of the sink. 
Put a candle away in the right drawer under the sink. 
Carry the candle stick to face the left side of the counter top where the far left drawer is
Move to the left to stand on the right side of the toilet.
Put the candle on top of the dresser.
grab the candle off of the bath tub
place a candle on top of the tall white cabinet
turn around, walk towards shower, turn left, walk to the dresser
Go to the toilet. 
Put the candle on the black table between the soap. 
Pick up the candle on the bathtub.
Put a candle on a table.
Back up and move to the left so you are at the center of the table.
turn left, take a step, turn right, walk to the sink
put the candle on the back of the toilet
pick up the candle to the right of the sink
take the candle from the sink to the toilet
Turn and go to the toilet on the side where the towel is hanging on the wall.
Go to the tub
Place the candle on top of the toilet
Pick up the green candle that is on the counter. 
Move the candle to the top of the toilet. 
Turn around, bring the candle to the toilet.
Walk forward to the wall then turn left and walk to the sink.
Put the candle on the corner of the toilet that is above the flushing mechanism. 
Pick up the green candle.
Place a candle on a toilet tank lid.
Take a step backwards, then a step to your left, continue facing the sink and also the toilet
Move to your right a bit until you are standing in front of the bathroom counter. 
Place the candle on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the candle that is on the counter, to the left of the sink.
Move a candle from the bathroom counter to the back of the toilet. 
Turn to your left and walk across the room, then turn to your left at the wall and go to the toilet ahead of you, to the right. 
Turn around and walk across the room to the toilet, then turn right and go to the sink across from you. 
Place the candle on the left side of the back of the toilet.
Pick the candle up from the counter.
Put a candle on the back of the toilet.
Turn around and walk slightly forward to the toilet.
turn right and walk over to the right side of the toilet, then turn right to face the bathroom sink cabinet on the right
place the candle down on top of the back side of the toilet
Pick the candle up from the bottom cabinet on the far right.
Put a candle on a toilet.
walk to face toilet tank
turn right walk straight then turn right towards the towel on the wall
put the candle down on top of the toilet
Pick up the yellow candle from the counter.
Put a candle on the back of the toilet.
Turn around and head over to the toilet. 
turn right, walk to the sink on the right
put the candle on the toilet
pick up the candle that is on the edge of the tub
move candle from tub to back of toilet
Turn around, turn right to face the tub, and turn left to face the toilet.
Go toward the wall, turn left, go to the small white dresser, and turn right.
Put the candle on the toilet tank.
Pick up the candle from the top of the cabinet.
Pick up candle from top of cabinet and place on the back of the toilet.
Walk to your left and turn to face the toilet.
Turn around to the table behind you.
Place the candle on the left side of the toilet.
Pick up the bottle of nail polish. 
Move the nail polish to the back of the toilet. 
move to the table to the right of the bed
Go forward and the turn right and then left to face the television.
Put the disc on the black table.
Pick up the CD in front of the lamp, on the TV. 
Put a CD on the table. 
Move to the right side of the desk in front of you
turn to the right to face the desk
put the CD on the right side of the front part of the dresser
Pick up the disc from the desk.
Place the disc on the desk onto the dresser beside the book.
Turn around, go left to walk around the couch, then to the right to face the tall dresser in the corner.
Turn left and face the bin.
Place the CD on the dresser to the right of the book.
Pick the the CD from the end of the desk.
Move the CD from the desk to the top of the dresser.
Turn to the right and take a step towards the bed. Turn right and walk to the mirror. Turn right and look down at the safe.
Turn around then go straight to the right side of the dresser
Place the CD inside the safe then shut the safe
pick up the CD from the dresser
Place a CD in a safe
Open the white safe that is sitting on the dresser. 
Turn around and walk to the couch, then go right to the desk.
Put the CD in the safe and close it.
Pick up the CD on the desk, next to the clock.
Put a CD in the safe.
Take a step left and look up.
Turn to your left and walk across the room to the end of the desk on your left. 
Place the CD back into the cabinet where it once was. 
Look up and open the cabinet on the right side and then grab the cd that's in there before closing the door again.
Put a cd on a shelf.
Turn around and go to the book shelf on your left, just past the window. 
Move to the dresser on the right
Place the CD on the entertainment center
Pick up the CD on the dresser, behind the statue.
Put a CD on the book shelf. 
Carry the CD while facing the cubby slow in the desk
turn right and walk to the desk
place the disc on the shelf inside the desk
Take the CD from the desk.
Put a CD on a desk shelf.
Turn left and walk over to the shelf near the window
Move to the area between the dresser and the bookcase and then turn right to face the dresser.
Place the CD between the bowl and the alarm clock on the middle shelf of the bookcase.
Pick up the disk from under the golden statue.
Place a disc on the shelf.
Turn left, take a step forward, and turn around to face the small table with the alarm clock.
Turn around, face the computer desk.
Place the CD on the night stand.
Pick up the CD on the desk.
Put a CD on the night stand.
Turn left, proceed to window.  Turn left, proceed to nightstand.
turn around, walk to the cabinet
put the disc on the night stand
Pick up the CD on top of the table
Move a CD to the night stand
Turn around and veer right to the multicolored chair.
Walk to the desk to your left.
Place the phone on the sofa seat.
You grab the I-Phone from the bed.
The goal is to retrieve the I-Phone from the bed nd to the sofa.
Bring the phone to the chair in the corner. 
Turn around and walk straight to the trash can. Turn right to face the table.
Place the phone on the left side of the chair.
Pick up the phone that's in front of you on the desk.
Put a phone on the bed.
take the phone to the end of the bed in front of the ladder
Turn right then head straight to the window
Put the phone in front of the laptop on the bed
Grab the phone behind the computer on the table
Move the phone from the table to the bed
Turn to the right and walk across the room to the bed. 
Move to the dark wooden desk where the desk chair is
Place the phone between the two laptops on top of the bed
pick up the phone that is on the chair
move the phone from the chair to the bed
Turn to your right and go to the end of the bed, then turn to your left so that you are facing the head of the bed. 
turn around, walk across room, turn right to face the dresser
put the phone on the bed
pick up the phone that is on the dresser
move the phone from the dresser to the bed
turn left, walk forward a few steps, turn left to face the bed
Head left to the bed
Place the cell phone on the desk in front of the laptop
Pick up the cell phone on the bed.
Put the cell phone on the desk.
turn around and head to the shelf
move to the bed to the right of the desk
put the phone on the desk
Pick up the cell phone that is to the right of the alarm clock.
Move a cell phone from one part of a desk to another part of a desk.
turn around, walk forward to the desk
Turn around and walk forward, turning left to face the small dark night stand
Put the cell phone down on the desk 
Pick up the cell phone on top of the blue blanket.
Place a cell phone on a desk.
Go left again and turn to face the white table.
Turn around and go to the shelf by the desk.
Turn around and put the cell phone on the desk.
Pick up the phone that is sitting on top of the dresser
Move the phone to the desk
Turn around, hang a right at the end of the bed and walk to the table on the left.
Walk forward to the middle of the bed then turn left to face it.
Put the cellphone on the table on top of the white pencil.
Pick up phone from left of cd.
Move a phone into a drawer.
walk the phone around to the other side of the stand
Move to the left side of the brown end table with the lamp that is directly in front you. 
Open the top drawer. Place the cell phone inside. close the drawer. 
Pick up the cell phone from the dresser
Put the cell phone in the dresser drawer
Turn around, approach the dresser.
Turn around and go to the bed.
Put the phone on the dresser.
Pick up the cell phone near the laptop.
Place a cell phone on a dresser.
Turn to the left and then left again to face the dresser.
Make a left and walk around the bed, hanging a right until the brown armchair is reached in the corner of the room.
Set the smartphone on top of the wide black dresser.
Pick up the phone from the bed.
Put a phone on the black dresser.
Turn around and walk to the black dresser.
Turn right, go to the table with the phone.
Put the phone in the safe next to the bed. 
Pick up the cell phone that is sitting on the desk.
Move a cell phone to the safe. 
Head to the left, open the white safe
Head across the room to the desk
Put the phone in the white safe, close the door to the safe
Pick up the cell phone that is on the right; the one that is closer to the right edge of the dresser
Place a phone in a safe
Turn around and go towards the wall on your left to the safe sitting on the dresser.
Walk over to the small end table in front of you.
Put the phone on the left side of the shelf of the end table.
Pick the phone up from the desk.
Put a phone on a shelf.
Turn around and face the wooden nightstand in the corner of the room to the left of the bed.
Go to the bed
put the phone down on the nightstand
Pick up the red cell phone that is sitting on the shelf to the left of the bed
Place a cell phone on a night stand
Turn left and look at the night stand.
walk to face right hand bed
put phone on night stand
Take the rag from the sink.
Place a rag in the tub.
Walk over to the tub so you are facing the left side of it.
Turn around and go to the sink behind you.
Place the rag in the tub, near the drain.
pick up the yellow cloth from the sink
put a yellow cloth in to the bath tub
Make a right and walk to the bathtub.
Turn around and walk forward slightly, then turn right towards the bath tub.
Put the cloth on the rack, in front of and to the right of the spray bottle.
pick up the rag inside of the tub
clean up a rag inside the tub and put it on the shelf 
Turn around and go past the bath tub, then turn to your right and go across the room to the metal rack. 
Turn right and head towards the bathroom sink with a purple rag in it.
Remove the purple rag from the sink bowl and place the rag next to the spray bottle.
Put the purple rag down on the counter to the right of the sink.
Pick up the purple rag on the sink. 
Put a purple rag on the counter, right of the sink. 
Turn around, move straight, then turn around to face the drawers beneath the sink.
Turn right and walk to the toilet then turn left.
Put the cloth in the second drawer from the left on the bottom row.
Pick up the dark cloth close to the wall.
Move a cloth from the floor to a shelf.
Look up at the top shelf of the wooden desk.
turn to the left and move forward across the room to the glass door, turn to the left and move forward to the three colored rags on the floor on the floor
put the gray rag on to the shelf
Pick up the purple rag out of the bathtub.
Move a purple rag to the black table.
Turn left and face the black table.
Take a step to the left and then walk to the bathtub
Place the towel on the end table to the left of the potted plant
Open the lower cabinet on the far left and take out the white cloth.
Put a cloth in the sink.
Turn to face the sink on the left.
Turn around and walk over to the right-hand side of the bathroom counter. 
Place a rag in one of the bathroom sinks.
Move over to stand directly in front of the right hand sink.
Turn left, hang a left at the door and walk to the right sink of the vanity.
Put the red towel inside the sink of the vanity.
Pick up the rag on the right side of the tub.
Put a rag on the toilet tank lid. 
Turn around and face the toilet.
Turn left then walk to the cabinet under the left side of the sink
Put the red cloth on the tank beside the spray bottle
Open the lower right cabinet under the left sink, pick up the red towel from inside and close the door.
Place a towel on a toilet tank.
Turn around completely, walk to the wall, then turn right and walk up to the toilet. 
Turn around and walk to the left side of the coffee table.
Place the credit card on the chair.
Pick the credit card up from the couch.
Put a credit card on a chair.
Turn left and walk to the curtains and then turn left and walk to the chair.
Walk to stand on the far side of the tv stand so you're looking the way you started.
Put the credit card under the laptop near the edge of the cushion.
Pick up the credit card which is to the left of the statue.
Move a credit card from a television stand to an armchair.
Step to the left then turn right and head to the armchair. 
Turn right and walk to the middle of the coffee table then turn right and walk to the blue couch.
Put the credit card down on the blue chair.
Pick up the credit card on the table. 
Put a credit card on a chair. 
Turn right and begin walking across the room, then turn left to face the chair with the pillow on it.
Turn to face the round table with the grey tablecloth.
Set the credit card down on the seat of the brown armchair.
Pick up the credit card that is on the chair.
Move the credit card to the coffee table.
Turn around to walk to the coffee table.
Turn around and walk to the cabinet the tv's on then move to your right until you face the laptop to the right of the tv.
Put the credit card on the black coffee table near the statue.
Take the credit card in front of the books on the second shelf. 
To retrieve a credit card and place it on the desk. 
turn right to walk past the desk, then turn left to walk to the end of the room, then turn left
Turn right and walk over to the nightstand.
Place the card down on the desk.
pick up the credit card from the night stand
Place a credit card on the desk
Go left and then turn to face the end of the desk where the trash can sits.
Go to the small cabinet at the corner to the right of the bed
Put the card on the table
Grab a card from the nightstand.
Move a card from the nightstand to the dresser.
Turn around and walk past the bed then turn right and take a step forward then turn left and walk to the small table with three clocks.
Walk up to the couch, then turn right and walk forward, hang a right and walk up to the white shelving unit.
Open the upper drawer in front of you and put the blue credit card in, then close the drawer.
Pick up the credit card out of the shelving unit.
Put a credit card in a drawer.
Look up.
turn to face the desk
put the credit card on the book shelf in front of the books
Pick up the credit card on the table beside the lamp
Put the credit card from the table to  the book shelf
Move to the left and face the shelves under the computer on the desk.
Turn left and walk to the right side of the black nightstand.
Place the credit card on the shelf of the desk, to the right of the alarm clock.
Grab the credit card on the night stand.
Place the credit card into the desk shelf underneath the laptop.
Bring the card to the couch to the right of the shelf.
Turn around and cross the room to face the television stand.
Put the credit card on the sofa.
Pick up the credit card from the middle of the table.
Move a credit card from the table to couch.
Turn around and step forward to face the couch.
Turn around and move to the arm chair across the room on your left.
Put the credit card in the middle of the right couch cushion near the edge.
Pick up the credit card from the dresser.
Move a credit card to the checkered couch.
Turn around and face the couch behind.
Walk forward past the sofa, then turn right and walk to the blue credit card on the coffee table next to you.
Put the credit card on the sofa, in the center between the two seats.
Pick up a cup from the counter in front of the toaster.
Put a golden cup in the sink.
Carry the gold goblet to the sink
Turn around and head straight towards the toaster on the counter.
Open the cabinet, place the sponge in it, and close the cabinet door.
grab the green sponge off of the kitchen counter
put the green sponge in the cupboard below the microwave
turn right and head towards the table
Move to face the left side of the tub. 
Put the sponge down on the metal rack on the top shelf. 
Pick up the sponge from the garbage can.
Move a sponge from a garbage can to a steel rack.
Go to the left and face the toilet.
Turn around and go to the left sink.
Place the sponge on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the sponge out of the rightmost sink basin.
Move a sponge onto the toilet tank.
step forward and turn to the right and walk to the wall and turn to the right and face the side of the toilet
Turn left and go to the shelf.
Put the sponge on the back of the toilet.
Grab the green sponge from the blue trash bin
Move the green sponge from the blue trash bin to the toilet
Turn around and walk forward until you are close to the oven, then turn left and walk to the fridge.
Take one step forward then turn right and walk just past the counter then turn right and walk to the dishwasher, then turn right.
Open the fridge, place the egg on the top shelf, and close the fridge.
Pick up the egg on the right.
Place an egg in the microwave.
turn left towards the microwave oven
Turn around and walk to your right to the white stove.
Open the wide drawer beneath the counter top, place the fork inside to the left side and close the drawer.
Pick up the fork from the counter
Put the fork in the kitchen drawer
Turn around, go right, then turn back around to face the counter.
Turn right 180 degrees and stand in front of the white table
Open the second bottom cabinet to the right of the red garbage can. Place the vase and close the cabinet.
Open the fridge and take the vase off the shelf of the fridge.
Put a vase in a cabinet.
Turn around and walk to the cabinet.
Turn right and walk toward the stove, turn and walk toward the wall, and turn again and walk up to face the green table.
Place the vase on the green counter next to the martini glass.
pick up the glass vase that is sitting on top of the table
Move a vase from the table to the counter top
Turn right and go to the table
Turn to your left and go to the sink. 
Place the glass pitcher on the kitchen island, in front of the two plates, and spatula. 
Pick the vase up from the sink.
Put a vase on a table.
Step over to your left, away from the cabinets in front of you, then walk through the kitchen, to the refrigerator on your right. 
Move forward a few feet, turn right to face the sink.
Put the vase in the fridge.
Open the cabinet just below the coffee maker, and pull out the glass pitcher. 
Put a pitcher in the refrigerator. 
Turn around and then turn to the right to face the tub.
Turn left and walk to the tub then turn left and walk to the wall then turn left.
Put the towel in the tub.
Pick up the rag on the wall.
To move a rag from the wall to the bath tub.
Turn around, go forward a step, turn left, go forward to the tub.
Move left to the wall on the right side of the sink where the towel holder is
Place the hand towel in the tub
Facing the mirror, take the towel off the holder on the wall
Take the towel from the wall, put it in the bath tub
Turn right and walk over to the bathtub.
move to right of the sink to the left
put the rag in the tub
Pick up the hand towel on the towel holder on the wall
Move a hand towel to the bath tub
Turn around and go to the right to face the tub.
Move to the towel holder to the left of the bathroom mirror on the wall
Place the hand towel inside of the bath tub
Take the towel from the hanger to the left of the mirror.
Move a towel from next to the mirror to the bathtub.
turn right then walk straight towards the shower then turn right again and walk straight towards the tub then turn left towards the sink and then turn left again at the sink then left again and look down
Turn around, move to the wall, turn right to face the mirror on the wall.
Put the towel in the tub. 
Grab the white towel on the wall
Move the white towel from the wall to the cabinet under the sink on the left
Move to the front of the sink. 
Look up at the silver, circle towel rack on the left wall.
Open the cabinet door, place the towel inside, and close the door.
Pick up the towel hanging to the right of the sink. 
Put a towel in a cabinet. 
Look right to the cabinets.
Walk ahead and turn left to go to the right side of the sink.
Place the towel in the left hand cabinet.
Remove the towel from the towel holder. 
Put the hand towel on the counter. 
Turn around and head left to the first sink.
Turn left and head towards the toilet and the hand towel holder on the wall.
Place the hand towel on the sink next the the candle.
Pick up the towel that's hanging on the ring that's on the wall to the left of the mirror.
Put a towel on the counter.
Move to the front of the sink on the right side and look down on the counter. 
turn around and walk straight towards the toilet and look up
put the towel down on the sink counter
Take the towel from the round towel holder
Move a towel from a towel holder to a garbage bin
turn around, take two steps, turn right, turn right to face toilet
walk to face towel rack above and to the right of the toilet
put the towel into the garbage can to the right of the toilet
Pick up the towel that's on the ring on the wall in front of you.
Put a towel in the garbage.
take the towel to the green trash bin
Turn around and take one step, then turn left and look up. 
Put the towel in the green bin that is on the floor next to the toilet.
Grab the towel on the holder you are looking at in front.
Put the small towel from the rack in the trashcan beside the shower
go to the trash can across the room
Turn right, walk to the towel
Put the towel in the trash can
Take the white towel off of the hanger.
Move a white towel from it's hanger to the sink basin.
Turn right to face sink.
Turn around and walk to the left side of the sink.
Put the towel in the sink.
Pick up the towel hanging on the wall.
To move a towel from the wall to the left side of the sink.
Turn around and walk over to the middle of the sink counter.
Take a right at the door, walk to the gray bin on the floor next to the toilet and look up at the metal ring with the towel on the wall.
Put the towel inside the left sink on the vanity.
Take the towel on the wall from the towel holder.
Put a towel in the sink.
Turn to the right to face the sink and tub.
Turn around and walk left to the left side of the toilet.
Place the towel on the toilet tank in the front left corner.
Remove the towel hanging from the towel holder, on the wall, to the right of the mirror. 
Put a towel on the back of the toilet. 
walk over to the toilet
Turn around to face the towel hanging to the right of the mirror.
Put the towel on the back of the toilet.
Take the towel from the holder.
Move the towel from the holder to the toilet.
Take the towel over to the toilet.
Go forward and stand at the sink on the right.
Put a towel on the back of the toilet.
Pull down the towel that is hanging from the towel holder, on your right. 
Put a towel on the toilet.
Carry the towel and take a few steps to the left.
Turn right and walk over to the black table, then hang a right and walk up to the fridge, turn left and walk over to the wall then turn left and walk up to the round black table.
Open the lower cabinet door to the right of the fridge and put the kettle in the cabinet, then close the door.
pick up the kettle from the table
put a kettle inside a cabinet
Move back and look down at the lower cabinet that is to the right of the oven. 
Turn right and walk to the stove.
Place the tea pot on the middle shelf, to the left of the glass container.
Pick up the kettle from the stove top. 
Put a kettle on the shelf. 
Turn to the left and go to the wooden shelves.
Turn around, hang a left towards the fridge and walk to the island counter on the left.
Put the tea kettle on the front right corner of the cook top range.
Pick up the kettle on the counter.
Place a kettle on a stove.
Turn around and walk to the stove then turn right to face it.
Move to the red couch. 
Put the keys on the middle chair. 
Take the key chain on the sofa chair
Move the key chain on the pink sofa chair to the brown sofa chair on the right
Head left to the wall, turn around and face the black chair on the right.
Make a left to walk around and face the coffee table.
Set the keys down on the seat of the armchair.
pick up the keys that are on the couch
move keys from the couch to the chair
Turn left to walk to the floral armchair.
Go straight ahead so that you're facing the brown desk with the blue alarm clocks on it.
Put the keys on the seat of the cushion so that they are just to the left of the front left corner of the cushion.
Pick up the keys on the dresser.
Place a set of keys on a chair.
Turn right, move to the arm chair.
head forward and cross the room, then turn right and walk to the night stand that is to the left of the bed
Place the keys on the arm chair to the right of the laptop
Open the drawer on the nightstand, pick up the set of keys from inside and close the drawer.
Place a set of keys on a chair.
Turn left and walk to the small black coffee table.
Go left and cross the room to face the couch on the left.
Put the keys on the black table.
Pick up keys from the chair 
Put a set of keys on a coffee table.
Look down, turn right to face the wall, walk straight and turn left to face the desk and look down.
Move across the room to the far left side of the wooden desk
Place the keys on the desk to the right of the book
Pick up the keys that are on the top shelf of the wooden desk
Move the keys from the desk shelf to the desk top
Carry the keys and take a few steps left, then turn and face the desk to the right.
turn to the right and take a step and turn to the right and go to the nightstand
put the set of keys on the desk
Pick up the keys that are in the back from the table
Take a set of keys to the desk
Move to face the drawer within the black table.
Move right to the chair against the wall with the keys on top of it
Place the keys in the left drawer of the end table, shut the drawer
Pick up the key chain from the table.
Put the keys in the drawer.
Turn around and walk back through the couch and the coffee table to get to the entertainment stand the TV is on. 
Walk to the front of the white sofa.
Put the keys on the TV stand.
Pick up the keys that are closest to the box on the table. 
To move the keys.
Turn around and head across the room, take a left after passing the bed and head to the brown dresser across the room
Turn around completely and walk forward to the side table.
Place the keys on top of the dresser.
Pick up the keys on the table. 
Put keys on the dresser. 
Turn to the right and walk up to the ottoman.
Turn to your left and go to the black end table on the wall, across from the couch. 
Place the keys on the left side of the cell phone, on the ottoman.
pick up the keys that are on the coffee table
move keys from coffee table to ottoman
Move back from the dresser a bit, but still face it.
Walk across the room to the brown desk.
Put the keys in the white safe on top of the cd.
Pick up the car keys on the brown dresser.
Pick up the car keys and put them in the white safe.
Move back and to the left but stay in front of the small cabinet.
Turn to your left and go across the room, to the small, black shelf between the large book shelf and the lamp. 
Place the keys on the left side of the shelf, beneath the top of the small, black shelf. 
Pick up the keys in front of the lamp, on the desk. 
Put the keys in the small shelf. 
Turn right and go forward across the room. Turn right and face the side table with the lamp on it. 
Turn around completely, walk to the wall, then turn right and walk up to the black chair in the corner of the room. 
Place the set of keys down on the bedside table. 
pick up the keys that are on the desk
move keys from the desk to the table
turn around, walk forward, turn left, walk forward, turn right, walk to table
Turn right and walk to the end of the bed then turn left and walk to the mirror, then turn right and walk to the black dresser.
Put the keys down on the nightstand.
pick up keys from bureau top
put keys on night stand
Walk back to where you started and walk to the night stand that was in front of where you started.
Turn around, walk forward, turn right at the end of the bed, walk to the end of the bed, then turn left to face the brown chair. 
Place the keys on top of the small table, to the right of the lamp.
Take the keys from the chair
take the keys from the arm chair, put them on the night stand
Turn around and turn to face the couch with the yellow pillow on the right.
Turn left, turn right, move forward, and then turn left to face the table. 
Set the keys on the couch
Pick up the left-most set of keys on the lounge chair.
Move the left-most set of keys from the lounge chair to the couch.
Go around the coffee table to the front of the sofa with a remote on the seat.
Turn left and stop at the black table
Put the keys on the sofa
Pick up the keys from the coffee table. 
Move keys to a couch. 
Turn around, walk almost to the coffee table, then turn left to face the loveseat.
walk over to face the side table on the right of the sofa next to a green chair
put the keys on the sofa in front of the box
Pick up the keys on the chair.
Place a set of keys on a couch.
Turn right and walk to the red couch on the right. 
Turn around and go to the other side of the room, turn left to face the end of the table.
Put the keys on the sofa cushion.
Pick up the keys that are on the right side of the coffee table. 
Move a set of keys to the couch.
Turn to your right, go to the end of the table, make a left at the end of the table and go to the couch across from the table.
Turn around and face the wooden desk in the corner.
Put the keys on the gray couch.
Pick the knife up from the counter. 
Place the knife next to the spoon. 
Move slightly to your right.
Head straight to the silver table top facing the knife on the table
Place the knife inside of the sink to the right of the potato
Pick up the chef's knife from the table.
Move the chef's knife from the black table to the kitchen sink.
Turn around and walk directly back across the room to the oven to find a sink to the right of it.
Turn left and walk straight ahead to the counter.
Place the knife in the sink.
Pick up the metal spoon that is the most far away from you.
Move one metal spoon from the kitchen table to the sink.
Bring the spoon to the sink.
Turn left, then turn right at the counter, to the right of the sink.
Place the spoon in the sink, to the right of the cup.
close the computer on the table and pick it up
move the computer from the table to the chair
Turn to the left and walk to the back of the armchair with the ottoman. 
Move to the wooden side table that has a laptop on top on top of it
Place the laptop on the blue chair
Pick up the laptop on the right side of the end table
Move a laptop to the chair
Turn right and walk to the blue armchair in the corner.
Walk over to the plant on the window sill and turn right to face the desk.
Put the laptop on the bed to the right of the cell phone.
Close the laptop that is on the desk and pick it up.
Move a laptop to the bed. 
Turn to the right and take one step, then turn to the right and face the bed. 
go to the white table
put the laptop on the desk
Shut the laptop then pick it up.
Put a closed laptop on the desk.
Turn right, walk past the bed then turn left and walk to the window, then turn right towards the desk.
Move forward, head around the corner to the right, to the side side of the coffee table with the computer on it.
Put the computer on the ottoman, to the right of the keys. 
Pick up the computer on the coffee table.
Put a computer on the ottoman. 
Turn right cross the room, face the couch with footrest
Turn right and walk until you get to the wooden cabinet to your left then when you get to it turn right and walk to the couch.
Put the laptop on the ottoman.
Close the laptop that is on the sofa then pick up the laptop
Move the laptop from the sofa to the ottoman
Turn left until facing the ottoman
Go to the desk
Place the laptop on the table
Close and pick up the laptop on the right corner closest to you. 
Put a laptop on the end table. 
Turn to your left and walk back to the windows, then go straight across the room to the white end table. 
Turn around and walk until you are in the larger area of the room then turn right and walk until you almost hit the wall then turn left and walk to the laptop.
Place the laptop in the center of the couch.
Close the laptop and pick it up.
Move the laptop from the desk to the center of the sofa.
Turn to your left, then go to the couch on the left.
walk over to the kitchen sink
place the lettuce on the kitchen counter to the right of the sink
Pick up the head of lettuce that's in the right hand sink.
Place a head of lettuce on the counter.
Bring the knife to the lettuce on the table.
Turn left and walk up to the white table by the window.
Use the knife to cut the lettuce on the table.
Grab the knife on the table
Use the knife on the table by the stove to slice the cabbage on the white table
turn around, take a step, turn right, walk forward, turn right to face tv stand
Turn to walk to the small round white table in the corner of the room.
Set the white cup down on the TV console.
Pick up the mug from the shelves.
Put a mug on a night stand.
Go to the left and face the chair with the computer in it.
Turn and go to the brown shelf that has an open box on the top shelf.
Place the newspaper on the object that is on the front of the left side cushion of the chair.
pick up a news paper from the second shelf of the shelves
put a newspaper on a chair
Carry the newspaper to the black trash bin to the left of the window on the floor
Turn left to the bottom black wall shelf
Place the newspaper in the black garbage bin
Pick up the newspsper sitting on top of the love seat
Move a newspaper to the trash bin
Hold the newspaper and turn to the right then the left and face the blue chair on the left.
turn right, walk forward, turn right to walk between couch and stairs, walk across room, turn right to face dining table
put the newspaper on the ottoman 
Pick up the newspaper that's in front of you.
Put a newspaper on the ottoman.
Carry the newspaper to the ottoman
Turn to your left and walk straight, then turn to the sofa to your right
Place the newspaper on top of the left laptop
Pick up the newspaper on the far left corner of the couch.
Place a newspaper on the ottoman.
Turn around and walk over to the couch where the laptop is sitting.
Walk forward and turn right into the other room, walk forward toward the armchair with the newspaper on it, then turn right and go to the TV.
Put the newspaper on the sofa, in front of the laptop.
Pick up the newspaper that is on the coffee table.
Move a newspaper from the coffee table to the sofa. 
Turn around, walk back to the couch
turn around, go to end of black dresser with newspaper on the right
place newspaper in front of box on couch
Pick up the pan on the back right burner.
Place a pan on a counter.
Bring the pot over to the counter right of the stove with the toaster.
Move to the left then face the cupboard to the right of the white dishwasher
lace the pan on top of the counter to the left of the spoon
Pick up the white pan with the circular pattern from the stovetop.
Move the white pan from the stove to the white table.
walk to face left side of white table
make a quarter turn to the left and move sideways to the counter to the left of the sink
put the frying pan on to the table
Pick the plate up from the counter.
Put a plate in the sink.
Turn left and walk to the sink on your right.
Turn around and go to the stove.
Put the pan in the sink.
pick up the blue pen from the nightstand
Place a blue pen on a desk
Take the pencil closer to the table
Turn left and move to the black trash can on the floor to the left of the desk.
Put the pen on the desk parallel to the front of the desk.
Pick up the pen on the desk, directly behind a CD. 
Put a pen in the desk drawer. 
Take a step backwards from where you are at.
Cross the room to the door then hang a right and walk to the desk
Open the drawer that is on the left side of the desk and place the pen inside the drawer then close it
pick up the pen that is on the desk
move pen from desk to shelf
turn around, take a step, turn right, take two steps, turn right to face desk
Turn left and walk to the black chair, then turn left again to face the desk.
Put the pen in the cubby hole to the right above the desk.
Pick the pen up from the dresser.
Put a pen in a box.
Turn around, walk forward a few feet, then turn left and face the small wooden shelf
walk across to the dresser
put pen down on the shelves that is to the right
Pick up the pen that is in the trash can.
Move the pen to the dresser.
Carry the pen and turn around to face a cabinet on the right.
Turn right and head towards the desk.
Place the pen next to the lamp on the table.
Pick up the pen on top of the drawer.
Place a pen on top of a small table.
turn around and walk to the end of the room where the black chair is, then turn right and walk to the end of the room where the lamp is on the small table
Turn right and walk forward past the bed to the black dresser by the wall.
Put the pen on the base of the lamp on the night stand.
Pick up the red pen in the waste basket. 
Take the pen out of the waste basket and put it in the bedside table. 
Turn around, proceed across to nightstand.
Turn right and take a step toward the wall, then turn right again to face the table.
Put the pen on the night stand. 
Pick up the pencil that is sitting on the window sill in front of the potted plant
Place a pencil on a desk
Turn left and head to the desk.
Turn around and move to the night stand to the right of the bed
Place the pencil on the desk to the left of the phone
Pick up the pencil from the desk. 
Move a pencil to a different desk. 
Turn around and walk towards the bed, then hang a left and walk up to the wall, turn left again and walk over to the right side of the wooden desk.
turn around and move to the carpet and turn to the left to then night table on the left side of the bed
put the pencil on to the white desk
Pick up the small yellow pencil on the right. 
Move a pencil from the table to the counter. 
Turn to your right and go to the white shelf in the wall to your right. 
Go right and then right again to face the black night stand to the right of the bed.
Put the pencil down on the desk.
Pick up the yellow pencil that is sitting on the black night stand
Place a pencil on a desk
turn around, go to brown dresser with gold dog figure
Walk forward then right then turn left and go to the side table.
Place the pencil on the dresser next to the pen. 
Pick up the pencil on your left closest to you.
Put a pencil in the garbage.
Place the pencil in the bin to the left of the desk
Move to the brown desk top on the right side in the corner of the room
Place the pencil on top of the desk shelf on the right hand side 
Pick up the pencil on the edge of the desk
Move a pencil to the desk shelf
Turn around completely and face the small shelving unit.
go to the black shelf next to the book shelf
put the pencil on the left open shelf of the stand
Pick up the pencil on the desk at the back of the laptop
Put the pencil in the drawer
Turn around and veer right, walking around the bed to the circular table next to it on the left side.
Go past the bed to the dresser across the room. 
Place the pencil in front of the white coffee cup, on the night stand. 
Pick up the pencil in front of the potted plant on the desk.
Move a pencil from the desk to the nightstand.
Turn around and go to the night stand across the room, to the right of the bed. 
Turn to the right and go the the blue trash can on the floor.
Set down the pencil on the base of the lamp sitting on the nightstand.
Pick up the pencil.
Put a pencil on the lamp table.
Stand up so that you can see the counter space that is to the left of the oven.
Go to the left and stand in front of the counter to the left of the fridge.
Put the shaker on the counter in front of the toaster.
Open the far left cupboard and remove the pepper grinder inside then shut the cupboard
Move a pepper grinder to the counter top
Turn around, walk forward slightly and turn left towards the tomato on the counter.
Head across the room, pass the fridge then take a right and walk to the counter to the left of the sink
Open the drawer the is under the cabinet to the left of the sink and place the salt shaker in the front right corner then close the drawer
Pick up the salt shaker that's in front of you.
Put a salt shaker in the drawer.
Turn to face the drawer to the right under the green sponge.
Turn to the right and walk forward. Turn to the right again and go to the brown shelf.
Open the drawer in the counter and place the salt shaker inside. 
Pick up the pepper shaker.
Move the pepper shaker to a shelf. 
turn left, walk forward, turn right, turn right, turn left to face shelves
Turn to your right, step forward turn left head to the table
Put the salt  shaker on the shelf rack in front of the pan
Open the cabinet underneath the sink and to the left of the refrigerator, pick up the salt shaker, and close the cabinet door.
Place a salt shaker on the table.
Position yourself to the left of where you are now so you are standing looking at a black table with shelves that's to the left of the sink.
Turn left and take one step, turn right and walk to the end of the couch and turn right to face it.
Put the pillow on the chair, vertically, placing it over the keys on the cushion.
pick up the pillow that is on the couch
move pillow from couch to chair
Turn right, head to the wall to the right and turn left to face the blue chair.
Turn left walk towards wall, turn right, walk towards couch
Put pillow on the chair
Pick up the purple pillow off of the couch.
Move a purple pillow from the couch to a black chair.
Turn around, bring the pillow to the wall, turn left, go to the chair.
Turn around and take one step, then turn left and walk to the couch. 
Put the orange pillow down on the chair. 
Pick up the orange throw pillow, on the right side of the couch. 
Put a throw pillow on the a chair. 
Turn around, walk across the room
Turn around and veer left to the end of the bed.
Place the cushion on the chair.
pick up the pillow that is on the bed
move pillow from bed to chair
Walk over to the chair in the corner of the room behind you.
Walk around the left side of the couch and turn to face it.
Place the plaid pillow on the foot stool.
pick up the cushion on the left side of the couch near the green blanket
put a cushion on an ottoman
Carry the plaid cushion over to the small brown chair ottoman
Walk around the right side of the couch and turn back to face the chair next to it
Put the pillow on the couch right of the newspaper
Pick up the pillow from the chair.
Move a pillow from a chair to an adjacent sofa.
Carry the red cushion to the largest grey sofa
Turn left at the window and walk to the tv.
Put the pillow on the couch.
Pick up the plate from the table. 
Put a plate on the the TV stand.
Turn around, walk to the TV cabinet
Turn around and walk towards the door and then turn right towards the table on your right.
Place the place on the left side of the tv stand.
Pick up the toilet plunger next to the toilet.
Put away the toilet plunger in the cabinet. 
turn left to the cabinet
Turn to the right and walk to the wall. 
Open the cabinet on the right and put the plunger inside of the cabinet. 
Pick up plunger off of floor
Move plunger from beside the toilet to under the counter
Turn around and walk towards the sink at the far wall.
Turn around and walk to the left side of the toilet ahead.
Open the lower right cabinet, put the plunger inside and close the door.
Pick up the plunger from beside the toilet. 
Place a plunger in a cabinet. 
Turn right and go to the bath tub, then turn right and go to the door, then turn right and go to the sink
Step back and face the side of the toilet
Put the plunger in the cupboard on the left under the sink
Pick up the plunger from the ground. 
Put the plunger in the cabinet under the sink. 
Turn around and walk around to the opposite side of the toilet.
Turn, and move to stand facing the towel rack between the toilet and bath tub.
Open the second cupboard from the right and place the plunger inside.
Pick up the plunger on the ground. 
Put a plunger in the cabinet. 
Turn around and head toward the bathroom sink.
Turn around to face the flush toilet
Put the plunger inside the cabinet
Pick up the plunger from beside the toilet
Put the plunger in the bathroom cabinet
Turn around and go left to stand in front of the sink.
Move over to the toilet on your right. 
Place the plunger in the bottom cabinet and close the door.
Pick up the plunger on the floor beside the toilet bowl 
Put the plunger in the cabinet
Walk to the sink immediately to the right.
Walk to the large pot on the other side of the counter to the right.
Put the pot in the sink basin.
Pick up the large pot from the kitchen island
Put the pot into the kitchen sink
Turn right, then go ahead, then turn left to the microwave.
Turn left and move past the kitchen island then turn right and move to the blue recycling bin to the left of the coffee maker.
Open the microwave, place the onion in front of the mug on the plate in the microwave, and close the microwave door.
Pick up the potato from the counter
Put the potato in the microwave
Move slightly forward to the sink basin.
Turn right and walk to the microwave on the right.
Put the vegetable in the sink.
Turn around, then turn back to face the sink.
Walk forward, then turn left to face the couch.
Put the remote on the seat of the blue chair.
pick up the remote off of the desk
move the remote from the desk to the chair
Turn to the right
walk over to the tv stand
set the remote in the chair
Pick up the remote, to the right of the couch, on the table.
Put the remote on a chair.
Bring the remote to the chair by the window. 
turn around and walk over couch behind the coffee table
place the remote controller on the chair
Pick up the remote control on the left side of the coffee table.
Put a remote control on a seat.
turn to the right and step to the chair 
Turn left and walk toward the coffee table, then turn right and walk up to the TV stand
Put the remote on the arm chair
Pick up the remote control that is sitting on the coffee table. 
Move a remote control to a chair.
Turn to the right and walk across the room to the armchair on the far right. 
Turn left, turn left at the TV, turn left to face the coffee table. 
Put the remote down on the front edge of the chair. 
Pick up the remote control on the far right side on the cushion of the couch.
Place a remote control on a chair.
Turn right and go just past the table then turn left then right to get in front of the chair on the right
Turn left then walk forward. Make a right then left to face the TV stand.
Place the remote on the brown chair. 
grab the remote off of the chair 
pick up remote and place it on the table 
Turn left and go to the wall, then turn left and go forward, then turn left to face the coffee table.
Move to the large wooden end table facing the remote on top of the table
Place the remote on top of the coffee table in front of the laptop
Pick up the remote control from the middle of the table.
Place a remote on a dresser.
Turn around and go to the black cabinet the TV is on. 
Go past the coffee table and turn right, then go to the left end of the couch across from you. 
Place the remote on the cabinet, to the right of the keys. 
Grab the remote on top of the desk.
Place a remote on a television stand.
Turn to the right and walk forward to the television, then turn left to face it. 
Turn around, walk forward, and turn left to face the green chair in the corner.
Put the remote on the table in front of the TV.
Pick up the remote from the TV console.
Move a remote to the ottoman.
Turn right and walk to the front of the ottoman in front of the chair.
Turn around and walk forward to the dining table.
Put the remote control on the ottoman, to the right of the credit card.
Pick up the remote on top of the table
Place a remote on the sofa
Turn left and walk past the chairs, then turn right and walk to the wall, then turn right and walk to the black couch.
Walk over to the desk.
Put the remote on the couch.
Pick up the remote on top of the table
Place a remote on the sofa
Turn left and walk forward, then hang a left and walk up to the right side of the couch.
Turn left and walk to the couch, then turn right and head across the room to the door then turn right again to face the side of the tv stand
Place the remote on the right couch cushion
Pick up the remote control
Place a remote control on a couch
Turn to the right, head to the couch
Move to the dishwasher that is to the left of the fridge
Set the salt shaker on top of the table in front of the apple
Open the cabinet and take out the salt shaker from the cabinet.
Place the salt shaker to the left of the green sponge on the table.
Bring the salt to the table left of the coffee machine. 
Take a step forward, then hang a left and walk over to the left side of the sink.
Place the bar of soap on the middle shelf of the metal shelving unit.
Take out the pink bar soap from the bin.
Place the bar soap from the bin to the rack.
Move to the left and face the cabinets below the sink.
walk to face toilet
put soap in drawer
pick up a pink bar of soap off of the back of the toilet
put a bar of soap into the trash can
Turn left and walk over to the toilet area. 
Turn around, go forward, then turn right to face the toilet.
Put the bar of soap in the trash bin.
Pick up the soap dispenser on the counter between the sinks
Move a soap dispenser to the cupboard
turn left, go to far left cabinet below left sink
turn around, walk towards the wall, turn right, walk to the toilet
open cabinet under sink, put soap bottle in, close cabinet
Pick up the lotion bottle that is sitting on the back of the toilet. 
Move a lotion bottle to a cabinet.
Move to the right side of the cabinet under the sinks.
Turn around and walk to the vanity with the two sinks
Open the cabinet that is under the right sink and place the soap bottle into the cabinet, then close the cabinet
Pick up the tan bottle from between the sinks.
Place a bottle in a cabinet.
Turn around, walk forward to the toilet, then turn left and head to the metal cart.
walk to face toilet
put pumper bottle on shelves
pick up the spray bottle on the counter
move the spray bottle from the counter to the shelf
Move to the counter between the two sinks. 
Turn right and go to the wall then turn right and go to the trash bin to the left of the toilet
Put the lotion bottle in the back corner of the counter to the right of the sink
Pick up the soap dispenser from the right side of the toilet tank lid.
Place a soap dispenser next to a bathroom sink.
Turn right and cross the room to the back wall, then make a left and face the sink that is on the right
Walk over to the left side of the counter. 
Open the bottom drawer below the sink, put the bottle inside the drawer, close the drawer. 
Pick up the white soap bottle from the sink.
To take the soap bottle from the top of the sink and put it in the drawer underneath the sink.
Turn around and go past the shower on your right to the bathroom sink on your right. 
Turn left, move to the end of the table.
Put the soap in the green bin.
Pick up the lotion from the back right of the counter.
Move lotion from the counter to the trash.
Turn right and go forward, then turn right to go to the trash bin.
Take a step to the left and then head across the room to the sink on the left
Place the soap pump into the garbage bin
Grab the pump bottle on the corner of the bath tub.
Put the pump bottle in the trash. 
Turn around and walk forward, then turn right and walk towards the tub, turn right again to face the green bin in between the counter and tub.
Go to the toilet across from you. 
Place the pump bottle in the garbage can. 
Grab the soap dispenser.
Putting a soap dispenser in the trash can.
turn left, walk towards door, turn right, turn right to face trash can
move forwards to the bathroom sink up ahead
place the soap dispenser inside of the garbage bin to the left of the bathroom sink cabinet
Pick up the soap dispenser that's on top of the cabinet near the spray bottle.
Put a soap dispenser in the garbage.
Walk to the end of the counter near the toilet.
Turn around and cross the room to face the counter between the sinks.
Put the bottle in the trash can.
Open the lower right cabinet door and take the bottle of lotion out, then close the cabinet.
Put a bottle of lotion in a small red bin.
Walk over to the trash can.
Turn right toward the bath tub.  Walk toward the bath tub and turn left facing the toilet.  Walk toward the toilet.
Put the soap container in the trash can.
Pick the soap up from off of the white drawers.
Move the soap from the white drawers to the trash can.
Go to the trash can behind you.
Turn to your right and walk across the bathroom, then turn to the sink to your left. 
Put the pump bottle in the garbage can. 
Grab the bottle of lotion that's on top of the toilet
Putting a bottle of lotion on the black table
Turn around completely and walk forward.
Go forward and stop to the left of the toilet.
Put the bottle on the black table to the left of the green spray bottle.
Pick up pump bottle furthest to the left, closest to the wall.
Move pump bottle to back of toilet.
Bring the soap over to the toilet.
Walk to the left end of the counter. 
Put the soap bottle on the back of the toilet. 
pick up bottle from behind toilet paper on counter
place bottle on toilet
Take a small step backwards then a step to your left.
Turn around and walk forward to the bottle of soap on the counter by the green towel.
Put the bottle of soap on the top of the toilet, behind the spray bottle.
Pick up the soap dispenser that is sitting on the rim of the bath tub.
Put the soap dispenser on top of the toilet tank.
Turn around and walk to the toilet.
Go to the trash can in the corner.
Set the lotion down on the back of the toilet.
Pick the bottle up that is nearest the edge of the counter.
Put a bottle on the back of a toilet.
Turn around to the toilet behind you.
Turn left, walk to the vanity at the end
Put the bottle on the toilet
Pick up the soap dispenser from the edge of the bath tub.
Move the soap dispenser to the back end of the toilet.
turn right walk straight then turn left towards the sink then turn left towards the toilet 
Turn around and face the sinks.
Put the bottle on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the bottle with the black cap on the right side.
Place a bottle on top of the toilet.
Turn right and walk so you are facing the toilet with the toilet between you and the wall with the toilet paper dispenser.
Turn left and walk to the far end of the counter.
Put the perfume bottle on the toilet tank.
Pick up the purple bottle of lotion that is on the white cabinet. 
Move lotion to back of toilet.
Turn around, go toward the tub in front of you, then turn left and left again to reach the toilet.
Look left and approach the left most cabinet with a pink bottle on it
Put the pink bottle on the back of the toilet
Pick up the spoon that is on the counter
Place a spoon into a sink
Walk to the right side of the sink.
Turn right, walk halfway across the kitchen, turn right
Put the spoon in the sink
Pick up the spoon behind the toaster, in the back corner of the counter. 
Put a spoon in the sink. 
Turn around and head right to reach the sink.
Turn to your left and go to the sink, then turn to your right and go to the counter top across from you. 
Place the spoon in the sink. 
Pick up the spray bottle that is in the trash bin. 
Place a spray bottle inside a lower cabinet. 
Turn around and walk to the sink on the right hand side.
Turn right to go to the shower, then head right again to stand in front of the two sinks.
Open the second rightmost cupboard and place the spray bottle inside.
pick up the spray bottle that is on the back of the toilet
put a spray bottle in cabinet 
Turn around and walk towards the shower, then turn right and walk up to the counter.
Walk forward to make a right and reach the toilet.
Put the purple spray bottle down in between the two sinks.
Pick up the pink cleaner from the toilet 
Place a cleaner on the sink counter
Turn around and go to the sink. 
Turn right, walk to the door, hang a right to the silver container in the corner near the wall.
Place the spray bottle to the left of the sink on top of the counter.
Pick up the yellow spray bottle closest to the left wall on the back of the toilet.
Put a spray bottle on the table.
Turn to the right and the counter with the white cabinets below it.
Turn right and walk to the white toilet on the right.
Put the spray bottle in front of the middle box of tissues on the dresser.
Pick up the white spray bottle on the back of the toilet. 
Put a spray bottle in the drawer, under the sink. 
Turn around and walk to the drawers under the vanity with the sink.
Turn around, walk to bath tub, turn right, walk to bath tub, turn left, walk to counter
Open drawer below sink, place cleaner inside, close drawer
Pick up the spray bottle from the top of the toilet.
Move a spray bottle from the top of a toilet to a garbage can.
Turn to your left and walk to the blue recycle bin, on the floor, at the left end of the counter. 
Turn to the toilet on your left. 
Place the blue spray bottle in the bin on the floor. 
Pick up the purple spray bottle on the toilet tank.
Place a spray bottle in a trash bin.
Turn around and face the tall, white cabinet behind.
Turn right and go to the counter.
Put the spray bottle in the trash can.
Pick up the grey spray bottle on the back of the toilet
Move a spray bottle from the toilet to the trash
Turn around and walk over to the trash bin.
Go straight to the bathroom counter, between the two sinks. 
Put the white spray bottle in the garbage, in the corner of the room. 
Pick up the spray bottle on the left side of the counter
Move a spray bottle to the trash bin
Turn to the right and head forward, turn left to face the sink on your left and the black trash can that is to the left of the sink
Turn around, then turn right and walk to the wall, turn right to face the side of the toilet
Place the spray bottle into the trash can
pick up spray bottle that is on the counter
throw away a spray bottle
Bring the spray bottle with you and go to your left so that you're facing the toilet and the trash can.
Turn left and go to the counter between the sinks
Put the bottle in the trash can
Open the right cabinet under the left sink and pick up the yellow spray bottle and close the cabinet
Place a spray bottle into a trashcan
Carry the spray bottle to the toilet
Turn around. Turn left.
Place the spray bottle on the toilet.
Pick up the purple spray bottle on top of the counter
Move a spray bottle to the toilet
Turn right and walk until you get to the toilet then turn left and take a half step back.
Turn to the right, walk over to the toilet, and look up at the cabinet above the toilet. 
Place the spray bottle on the back of the toilet between the candle and the toilet paper.
pick up the spray bottle that is on the counter
move spray bottle from counter to back of toilet
take the bottle to the toilet
go to the bath tub
put the bottle on the back of the toilet
pick up the green spray bottle from the counter between the sinks
put a spray bottle on the toilet
Carry the spray bottle to the back of the toilet
Move to the sink cupboard on the far left
Place the spray bottle on the far right side of the toilet tank
Pick up the black spray bottle in between the silver soap bottle and the candle on the toilet tank.
Place a spray bottle on a toilet tank.
turn around and walk over to the toilet
Turn left and move past the shower stall then turn right at the end of the room and face the vanity.
Place the spray bottle on top of the toilet cistern near the handle.
Pick up the green spray bottle from the table.
Place a spray bottle on a toilet tank.
Turn left and take a step then turn around to face the side of the toilet
walk to the black table in front of you
put spray bottle on back of toilet
pick up the spray bottle that is on the counter
move spray bottle from counter to back of toilet
Turn around to walk across the room to the toilet.
Turn left and move towards the door then turn right and face the center of the vanity.
Place the yellow spray bottle between the wall and the candle on the top of the toilet cistern.
Pick up the yellow spray bottle on the right; the one right behind the roll of toilet paper
Place a spray bottle on the back of a toilet
Turn around and go to the toilet. 
Turn right, walk to the window, then turn right, making another right to walk behind the couch to face the kitchen table on your left. 
Place the statue down on the coffee table.
Pick up the statue from the center of the table.
Move a statue to the coffee table.
Turn around and walk to the black couch behind you.
Turn right, walk straight to the couch, turn left when you reach the couch, walk straight to the small table.
Place the statue on top of the small coffee table.
Pick the statue up from the table.
Put a statue on a shelf.
Turn around to the right and walk over to the coffee table. 
Turn around and walk to the white shelf on the left against the wall.
Put the green statue on the left side of the table in front of the laptop computer.
pick up human statue from bureau
put statue on coffee table
Turn around to face the coffee table.
Go to the table behind you and to the left.
Place the statue on the coffee table, next to the vase.
Pick up the figurine sitting on the bottom left of the table.
Move the figurine to the coffee table.
Turn around, walk around the table to the coffee table
walk over to the right side of the desk
set the statue on the table to the left of the tissue box
Pick up the gold, dog statue on the magazine, on top of the coffee table. 
Move the dog statue to the other side of the table. 
Turn around and walk to the brown chair turning left after the wooden coffee table before you reach the chair.
Turn around to walk past the couches to the dining table.
Set the dog statue down on the coffee table.
Pick up the large brown statue from the middle of the table.
Place a statue on a table.
turn around, walk to bed, turn right, take a step, turn left, take a few steps, turn right, walk to the dresser
turn around and walk straight towards the window
put the statue down on the dresser
Pick up the statue from the wooden bookshelf.
Move a statue from the wooden bookshelf to the dresser.
Turn around and walk left to the side table.
turn around, walk to the chair, turn left, walk forward, turn left to face the coffee table
turn the lamp on
Pick up the black statue to the right of the plant on the table.
Place a statue on a table.
Turn around and move to the desk in the opposite corner of the room, passing by the door along the way, and then turn left and face the center of the bed.
Turn around, head towards the book shelf, and then turn left towards the tennis racket on the floor.
Place the racket on the bed.
pick up the tennis racket on the floor
place a tennis racket on top of the bed
turn right, walk to the end of the bed, turn left, walk to the middle of the bed, turn left and face the end of the bed
Move to the left side of the bed behind you
Put the racket on the bed
Pick up the tennis racket on the floor, between the vacuum and the bed. 
Put the tennis racket on the bed, by the cell phone. 
Turn around and walk to the far corner of the bed then turn right and walk to the bed stand and turn right to face the bed.
walk to face corner with tennis racket and plant
put tennis racket on bed
Pick up the tennis racket on the floor.
Place a tennis racket on a bed.
Turn around and walk to the desk.
Walk forward to the tennis racket on the floor.
Put the tennis racket on the desk, in between the pencil and the credit card.
Pick the racket up from the floor near the bed.
Put a racket on a dresser.
Turn right to go to the dresser across the bedroom. 
go forward to the bed and turn to the left and take a few steps forward and turn to the right and go to the wall and turn to the right facing the bed
place the tennis racket on the dresser top right of the notebook computer
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor.
Put the tennis racket on the nightstand.
Turn around and go to the black night stand beside the bed.
Turn right and walk to the corner of the room where the bat and tennis racket are. 
Place the tennis racket on the table. 
Pick up the tissue box.
Put a box of tissues on the coffee table.
Turn left, walk to the coffee table
Move to the large wood dining table facing the box of tissues on top of the table
Place the tissue box sideways on top of the table in front of the remote
Open the left top drawer and take out the tissue box inside it shut the drawer.
To take out the tissue box to place it on top of drawers.
Walk to the left a bit, facing the dresser
Move over to the white dresser.
Put the tissues on the top of the dresser.
Pick up the tissue box on the far right side of the counter
Move tissues to the trash bin
turn around and head towards the bin
turn left towards the cupboard
trash the paper box
Pick up tissue box off of coffee table, to the right of the credit card.
Move to table, pick up tissue box and place on table with pen on it.
Turn left, walk a few steps, turn right at the end of the coffee table, then left and walk up to the smaller of the two brown tables.
Turn left, go past table on left, turn left.  Go to center of table, turn left to face table.
Place tissue box on left table, on the lower left corner.
Pick up the box of tissues, on the counter.
Put a box of tissue on the toilet. 
Turn around and go to the toilet.
Turn left to walk towards the dresser.
Set the box of tissues down on the lid of the toilet tank.
Pick up the tissue box closest to the soap dispenser.
Put a box of tissues on top of the toilet.
Turn around and step back from the sinks.
Walk closer to the toilet, then turn right to face the toilet paper holder. 
Place the roll of toilet paper in the bottom drawer underneath the sink.
Pick up the toilet paper from the counter, in between the sinks.
Move toilet paper to the drawer.
Turn right and head to the trash can
GO right and stand in front of the toilet paper holder next to the toilet.
Put the toilet paper in the waste basket in the corner.
Take the roll of toilet paper off the dispenser. 
Throw away the roll of toilet paper.
Back up from the toilet slightly.
Turn around and walk to the window then turn to the right to face the items on the floor.
Throw the toilet paper roll in the trash can beside the toilet.
Pick up the toilet paper on the holder.
Move the toilet paper to the shelf. 
Turn around and walk back to the first counter.
Go slightly to the left and turn left to go to the bath tub
Put the empty toilet paper roll between the bottle and the candle on top of the water tank. 
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll from the edge of the tub
Set the empty toilet paper roll on the top of the toilet tank lid
turn left to the toilet
Turn away from tub and towards the container on the floor with toilet paper in it.
Place toilet paper on the back of the toilet.
Turn around, walk to the bath tub
Take the toilet paper tube off the floor, put it on top of the toilet
turn around, walk towards bath tub, turn left, walk forward, turn left to face toilet 
Turn left and cross the room, then turn right and walk to the toilet
Place the roll of toilet paper onto the toilet paper holder
Pick up the toilet paper roll from the top of the toilet
Put the toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder
Turn around and face the toilet on your left.
Turn around and cross the room to face the left side of the toilet.
Put the toilet paper on the holder on the wall.
Grab the toilet paper off of the sink.
Place a toilet paper roll on the holder.
Turn to the left and face the toilet paper holder between the sink and the toilet.
Turn left and walk to the sink. 
Put the toilet paper roll on the toilet paper dispenser. 
Pick up the toilet paper roll off of the tub.
Put a toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder.
Go to the toilet where the toilet paper holder is on the wall.
Move back then right to the far left countertop left of the sink
Place the toilet paper on the roll holder on the wall
Pick up the tube that's in front of you.
Put a tube on the toilet paper holder.
Place the roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder to the left of the toilet.
pick up the brown toilet paper roll to the left of the sink
Move an empty brown toilet paper roll to the plunger by the toilet
move to the right a bit and then face the toilet paper bar on the right side of the bathroom cabinet
Turn around and walk to the toilet.
Put a roll of toilet paper on a toilet paper holder.
turn around and head towards the wall and then turn right and head towards the water closet
Walk past the tub to the sink.
Put the empty toilet paper roll on the holder.
Pick up the empty brown tube on the back of the toilet
Move an empty toilet paper roll to the toilet paper roll holder
Walk to the toilet. 
Turn right and go to the side of the toilet.
Put the toilet paper on the holder.
Pick up the toilet paper from the toilet tank.
Move toilet paper to the holder.
put toilet roll on toilet roll hanger
Grab the paper roll on the toilet
Put the paper roll from the toilet to the hanger on the wall
Move slightly to the left towards the empty toilet paper holder.
Take a step forward toward the counter.
Place the empty roll on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the toilet paper roll off of the toilet tank.
Put a toilet paper roll on a toilet paper holder.
Continue to face the toilet, focus your attention to the toilet paper holder that is hanging on the wall to the left
Turn to the toilet to your left. 
Put the empty toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder, hanging from the wall. 
Pick up the empty roll from the counter.
Put an empty roll on a toilet paper holder.
Turn around, go towards the sink, turn right, go to the toilet paper roll holder.
Turn left and walk to the left edge of the black table.
Put the orange tube on the black bar in the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll that is sitting on the black stand
Place an empty toilet paper roll on a toilet paper holder.
Turn to your right and go to the toilet paper holder, on the wall, in front of the toilet. 
Turn around, walk towards the door handle, turn right, and walk towards the trash bin on the floor.
Place the cardboard tube on the toilet paper holder on the wall.
Pick up the roll of toilet paper inside of the trash can on the floor
Move toilet paper from the trash to the toilet paper holder
Place the empty cardboard roll on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the roll of toilet paper from the top of the toilet.
Place a full roll of toilet paper on an empty toilet paper holder.
Turn left to face the toilet paper holder.
Go forward then turn right to face the toilet. 
Put the empty toilet paper roll on the holder. 
Pick up the empty roll on the table.
To put an empty roll on the toilet paper holder on the wall.
turn left to face the wall
turn around, head to the counter
put the roll of toilet paper on the holder
pick up the toilet paper from the back of the toilet
take the toilet paper from the back of the toilet and place it on the toilet paper holder.
Turn left.
Turn around and walk to the two sinks.
Place the empty roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the roll of toilet paper from the left side of the toilet tank.
Place a roll of toilet paper on a metal holder.
Move over to the toilet paper holder, on the wall, to the left of the toilet. 
Turn left and veer right to the toilet.
Put the roll on the toilet roll dispenser.
open the fridge door, take out a tomato from the shelf, close the door
find a tomato to put on a table
Carry the tomato to the white table left of the fridge
Turn right and walk to the fridge, then turn left and walk across the room, then turn left to face the counter. 
Open the microwave and place the tomato inside the microwave. 
Pick up a tomato from the trash can.
Put a tomato in the microwave.
Turn left and walk up to the microwave
Turn left and step to your right then walk to the toaster.
Put the tomato in the microwave and close the door.
Pick up the lower tomato in the fridge. 
Put a tomato in the microwave. 
Turn left, walk towards the wall, the left towards the microwave.
Head across the room, take a left and then take a quick left to face the side of the island counter top 
Open the microwave and place the tomato in the middle of the blue place then close the microwave
pick up the tomato from the counter
Put a tomato in the microwave
Move to the left and face the microwave.
Go right and then turn to the right to face the counter left of the sink.
Put the tomato in the microwave.
Pick up the tomato that is sitting to the left of the sink basin.
Place a tomato into the microwave. 
Carry the knife to the counter top left of the microwave where the tomato is
Turn left and move over to the kitchen counter space to the left of the microwave. 
Slice off the top of a tomato while holding a butter knife. 
Slice up the tomato on the counter to your right.
Pick up the butter knife by the salt on the counter. 
Slice the bell pepper in the fridge. 
take the knife to the fridge
Turn and move around the island to get to the back counter against the wall where the microwave is.
Use the knife to slice the tomato.
Turn back around to face the sliced tomato.
Open the fridge and place the tomato in the top section.
Pick up the yellow handled knife that is on the counter. 
Turn to the left, go to the small black table that is between the white table and the wall.
Pick up a slice of the tomato from the table.
Put tomato and a knife on a table.
Look upward to view the tomato on the black table.
Turn right and walk to the white table.
Slice the tomato that is on the black stand.
Pick up the knife that is on the right hand side of the lettuce. 
Slice a tomato that is on the microwave stand. 
Move over right to the table with a microwave
Pick up the yellow knife on the right of the white mug. 
Remove the tomato from the fridge and cut it up on the table. 
Turn around and walk across the room to face the microwave.
Remove the tomato from the fridge.
Pick up the knife on the left side of the table.
Turn right and then veer left a bit and then go ahead to the counter to the left of the stove.
Cut the tomato in the sink in half with the knife.
Grab the knife from the counter next to the stove.
Cut the stalk off of the tomato on the right.
cut off the top of the tomato that is in the sink
Pick up the round gold object from the top of the shelf.
Move the round gold object from the shelf to the coffee table.
turn left towards the blue chair then turn left again then turn around 
Turn around completely, walk to the wall, then turn right to face the side of the television stand.
Place the gold object to the right of the credit card that is on the coffee table.
Pick up the golden vase off of the black table.
Move a golden vase to the coffee table.
Turn around and face the coffee table.
Turn around and go to the white shelf. 
Put the vase in the safe on the ground. 
Pick up the blue vase.
Put the blue vase into the safe.
Bring the blue vase to the safe on the floor. 
Turn right and walk to the coffee table.
Place the glass on the small table, to the right of the book.
Pick up the gold ornament, to the left of the credit card, on the coffee table. 
Put the gold ornament from the coffee table, to the end table. 
Carry the clear grey vase over to the small wooden side table where the plant is
walk forward to the table, turn left, take a step, turn right, turn left to face TV stand
put the watch on the coffee table
Remove watch from tv stand.
Move watch from to stand to table.
turn right, walk forward, turn right, walk forward, turn right after the couch, face the coffee table in front of you
Move so that you are facing the left side of the TV stand 
Set the watch down on the front edge of the coffee table to the right of the gold vase
Pick up the wristwatch from the desk.
Move a wristwatch to the coffee table.
turn right and walk between the couch and the coffee table to the chair, face the table between the couch and the chair
Walk across the room, then hang a right and walk over to the pink chair.
Put the watch on the middle front edge of the coffee table.
pick up the watch that is on the TV stand
move the watch from the TV stand to the coffee table
Turn around and head forward, turn left one you get to the coffee table so that you are facing the coffee table.
Move straight back to the TV stand with the watch on top of it
Place the watch on top of the coffee table on the front left corner
Pick up the watch on the end table.
Put a watch on the coffee table. 
Go to the right and then turn to face the coffee table in front of the couch.
Turn right and take three steps, then turn left and walk to the bed, then turn left and take two steps, then turn right and take two steps, then turn right and walk to the table. 
Put the watch on the edge of the desk.
pick up the watch that is on the small table
move watch from table to desk
Back away from the television stand.
Turn to your right and go to the right end of the entertainment stand that the TV is on. 
Place the watch on the first shelf, on the right, on the entertainment stand. 
Pick up the watch from the center of the table the TV is on.
Move the watch from on top of the cabinet to below.
Turn right and walk over to the couch, then turn left to face the small wooden table with the newspaper on it.
Turn right and walk forward to the wall, then turn right and walk to the watering can on the floor by the lamp on the table.
Put the watering can in the bottom right cabinet and close the cabinet door.
Pick up the watering can that sits in front of the windows. 
Move a watering can to the coffee table. 
Turn around to your right walk straight past the sofa then turn left on the center table
Walk straight to the wall and then veer right all the way to the window.
Place the pitcher on the coffee table to the right of the statue.
Pick up the watering can that is on the ground to the right of the couch.
Move a watering can onto the black desk.
Bring the watering can to the black desk.
Turn right, and go to the couch.
Place the tea pot on the desk, to the left of the box.
Pick up the watering can on the wall 
Put the watering can in front of the tv on the tv stand
Turn left, go halfway across the room, turn left, go across the room, turn right, go across the room and turn right to the dresser.
Make a right and then walk forwards towards the tall lamp.
Set the teapot down to the right of the credit card on the dresser.
Pick up the wine bottle that is in the bin.
Move a wine bottle from a bin to the kitchen table.
Turn around and go straight to face the end of the white table on the right.
turn right to the trash bin
put the bottle on the table
Pick up the wine bottle sitting on top of the counter
Move a wine bottle to the shelf
turn around, walk to the corner shelf
