turn right, walk towards the wall, turn to face the desk to the left
turn around and walk forward stop to face the small table to the left of the desk
put the alarm clock on to the desk
Pick up the alarm clock that is sitting on top of the desk
Carry an alarm clock to place on top of a CD that is on top of a desk
Carry the clock over to the far left side of the wood desk
Turn left and walk towards the bedside table.
Place the alarm clock to the left of the blue credit card on the table.
Pick up the clock that is sitting on the night stand
Place a clock on a desk
Turn around and face the desk.
Walk forward and turn left to face the green night stand
Place the clock on the desk, on top of the pencil. 
Grab the clock off of the chair.
Move a clock from a chair to a desk.
Take a step backwards and then take a step left.
Turn to your left then straight and back around to face the alarm clocks on the table.
Place the alarm clock on the desk in the front.
Pick up the alarm clock on the night stand and look up.
Place an alarm clock on the desk.
walk to the desk at the foot of the bed
Turn left and walk forward to the night stand on the right of the bed.
Put the alarm clock on the right side of the table, to the right of the book.
Pick up the clock sitting on the shelf
Move a clock to the dresser
Turn around and veer right to the dresser.
Move to the left then go straight back to the brown shelving unit against the wall
Place the alarm clock on top of the dresser to the left of the statue
Look up and retrieve the clock from on top of the desk
Put the clock on the desk
Turn around and then turn right, talk forward and turn back toward the table.
Turn around, and turn around,
Put the clock in the cabinet
grab the clock on the table
move the clock from the table to the dresser
Turn to the right and walk to the wall, then turn left and face the desk. 
Turn around and walk to the desk across the room
Place the clock on the shelf above the desk
Pick up the alarm clock that is closest to the front of the desk. 
Move an alarm clock to the nightstand. 
Carry the knife to the fridge
turn right and walk over to the kitchen counter
open the microwave and slice the apple inside of the microwave
turn right and walk over to the stove again, then hang a right and walk to the end of the room, face the microwave on the left
place the apple slice inside of the fridge
Pick up the apple in the sink.
Turn to the right to face the sink.
Cut the apple in the microwave into three pieces.
Pick up the butter knife that is in the sink basin.
Use a butter knife to slice up an apple that is in the microwave.
turn right, walk forward, turn left to face the microwave
turn around to face the wall
put the bat on the bed
Pick up the baseball bat off of the ground.
Move a wooden bat from the ground to a bed.
Go to the right and face the bed.
turn left, walk forward, turn left, walk forward to the wall
put the bat on the bed
Pick up the baseball bat that's on the floor.
Put a bat on the bed.
Bring the bat to the bed.
Turn right and turn right walk to the bed, turn left, walk around the bed to the corner with tennis bat
Put the baseball bat on the bed
Pick up the paddle off the foot of the bed.
Place a paddle on a bed.
Turn to the right, and then the left to go over to the bed.
Turn to the right 3 times, look down
Set the basketball on top of the bed, beside the red pillow to the right.
Pick up the basketball on the ground.
Place the basketball on the ground onto the bed.
Turn around and walk across the room, then hang a left and walk up to the side of the bed.
Turn around, go forward, turn right and go to the desk
Put the ball on the bed
Pick up the basketball that is on top of the wire on the floor.
Place a basketball on the desk.
Move closer to the desk.
turn right, walk across room to the table, turn right, walk towards dresser, turn left, walk to window, turn left to face table
put the basketball on the table
Pick up the basketball on the floor.
To pick up a basketball and place it on the white table.
Carry the basketball to the green side table
Turn to the right and face the basketball on the floor to the right of the desk.
Put the basketball down on the green dresser.
Pick up the basketball on the floor to the left of the bed
Move the basketball to the green table
Turn left, go forward, and then turn right toward the armchair to the left of the couch.
turn right, walk across room, turn left to face coffee table
put the book on the chair
Pick the book on the right up from the cabinet.
Put a book on a chair.
Turn right and move towards the door then turn left and move to the upholstered chair.
Turn right, go to the coffee table, turn right to face the coffee table.
Put the book on the left of the remote control on the chair.
Take the book that was under the TV.
Place the book beside the remote on the chair.
Turn around and walk to the chair with a floral pattern.
Walk to the desk to your left.
Place the book on the sofa seat.
pick up the book that is on the dresser
move book from dresser to chair
Turn around taking a step then turn to the right. Walk towards the bed and make a right towards the trashcan and turning left to face the bed.
Go straight to the wall, turn left, walk to the night stand
Put the book behind the computer nearer to the bed end
Take the geometry book on the desk.
Put a geometry book on the bed.
Turn around, bring the book to the bed.
turn around and move to the right side of the desk
put the book on the edge of the bed to the left of the cell phone
Pick up the blue book on the desk.
Place a book on a bed.
raise book up to the cabinet
Turn left and walk over to the side of the bed, turning left again to face it
Open the top left cabinet of the wooden desk and put the book inside
Pick up the book off of the bed.
Move a book into a cabinet.
Turn left and over to the coffee table.
Turn around, go across room until reach brown chair with magazine on it.  Turn left to face chair.
Place magazine on table, in front of statue.
Pick the book up from the chair.
Put a book on a table.
Turn to your left and go to the wooden desk. 
walk over to the bed
place the book on the desk to the left of the white mug
Pick up the book.
Put a book on the desk.
Turn around and cross the room to stand at the end of the desk near the trash can.
Walk towards the wooden desk, then turn left and walk over to the side of the bed.
Put the book on the wooden desk.
pick up the book that is on the bed
move book from bed to desk
With the book in hand go to the desk where the black chair is
turn right walk straight then turn left and walk towards the bed and turn left
put the book down on the desk
Pick up the book from the bed.
Move the book to the desk.
Turn around and cross the room to face the desk with a computer on it.
Turn to your right and go to the head of the bed. 
Place the book on the desk, in front of the office chair.
pick up the book that is on the bed
move a book from the bed to the desk
Grab magazine, turn right, turn left.
Turn around and walk over to the side of the bed by the door
Put the book down just behind the CD on the dresser
Grab the book that is near the other side of the bed 
Move one of the book on the bed to the dresser by the key chain
Turn to your right and walk to the aisle way between the bed and the wall, turn left then go to the night stand by the bed. 
Turn around and step forward then turn left and walk to the right hand corner of the bed
Place the book on the night stand in front of the lamp
pick up the book on the table.
Move the book from the dining table to the couch. 
Bring the book forward past the table, to the front of the couch, be sure to turn around to face the couch.
Turn to your left and go past the couch, to the end of the room, turn right at the lamp and go to the first chair on the left side of the table. 
Place the book on the left cushion of the couch. 
Pick up the book on the chair. 
Put a book on the blue couch. 
Turn right and walk to the sofa then face it
Turn to the right and walk to the chair. 
Place the book in the middle of the couch. 
Pick up the book entitled "The Effective Engineer" that's to the left of the laptop.
Put a book on the couch.
Turn around towards the sofa.
Turn right, walk to the grey sofa, turn left, walk to the table at the end
Put the book on the sofa
Pick up the book on the chair. 
Put a book on the couch. 
Turn around and face the coffee table.
Turn right, walk across the room to the side table to the right of the dining table, and face the side table. 
Place the bowl on the coffee table behind the plate. 
grab the bowl off of the kitchen counter
place a bowl inside of the fridge
Go to the fridge.
walk on over to the kitchen cabinets above the stove
put the bowl on the bottom shelf of the top portion of the refrigerator
Pick up the cardboard box on top of the short, brown shelf.
Put a cardboard box on the green chair. 
Turn around, bring the box to the green chair.
Turn around, take a step forward, and turn right towards the red dresser.
Place the box on the chair.
Pick up the box from the couch.
Move a box from the couch to the chair.
turn right, walk forward to the chair
take a few steps forward and turn to the right and go to the couch and turn to the left and go to the end of the coffee table and turn to the right and take a step forward
put the box on the chair
Pick up the empty box from the couch.
Pick up the empty box from the couch. place it on the black armchair.
turn around and walk to the small chair in the right side corner of the room
Take a step then turn right and walk to then turn left and walk to the middle of the coffee table on your left turning left to face it when you get there and walk close to it.
Put the box on the chair.
Pick up the box.
Place the box onto the coffee table.
Turn around and face the end of the white table.
turn to the right twice and take a step and turn to the left go to the box on the floor
put the box on the desk right of the other stuff
pick up the box from the floor
put a box on a desk
Turn around and walk across the room to face the desk.
Turn around and face the end of the table where a box sits underneath.
Put the box down on the table.
Pick up the box from under the table.
Move a box from the floor to the table.
Walk to the right around the table over to the blue vase.
Turn around, go forward to the garbage can, hang a left, go in to the next room, hang a right, go to the wall, hang a left, go to the couch.
Put the cardboard box on the table in front of the TV. 
Pick up the empty box on the floor between the two night stands 
Move a box to the TV stand
Carry the cardboard box to the large red sofa next to the area rug
Turn to the right, go to the kitchen table
put the box on the red couch
Pick up the box from the floor.
Move a box from the floor to the couch.
Turn around and veer left to the blue couch.
Turn to the right and face the box on the floor.
Put the box down in the middle of the couch.
Take the box from the table
Take the box from the table, put it on the couch
Walk to the center of the sofa behind the coffee table.
walk forward across the room, stop and face to the right at the coffee table in front of the box
put the box on the couch
Pick up the bread that is to the right of the glass bottle.
To put the bread in the microwave. 
Turn around and walk halfway towards the table then turn to the right facing the stove. Bring the bread up to the microwave.
Turn around and head to the counter.
Put the bread in the microwave. 
grab the knife to off the counter to the left of the kitchen stove
move to the right a bit and face the counter to the left of the kitchen sink
grab a slice of bread off of the counter there
place a slice of bread in front of the microwave
Turn left, go to the counter to the right of the stove top.
Put the knife on the left side of the stand.
Turn around, bear right across the room to the stand with the microwave next to the fridge.
walk forwards to the kitchen stove, then turn left to face the kitchen countertop
slice the loaf of bread on top of the kitchen counter
turn around and walk forwards a bit to the kitchen stove again
place the sliced loaf of bread in front of the microwave
Pick up the knife next to the sink.
To put the knife in the drawer. 
Turn to the left.
Turn around and walk across the room, then turn to face the sink counter on the right.
Open the drawer on the right side, next to the sink, and put the knife inside.
Take the butter knife from the white table
Take the butter knife from the white table, put it on the small black table in the corner
Turn left and walk to the wall then turn right and take a step backwards.
Turn around, hang a left at the door and walk to the round black table ahead.
Put the knife on the small table in front of the apple on the right side.
Pick up the candle from the top of the toilet.
Move a candle from the top of a toilet to a cabinet.
Turn around, bring the candle to the right sink. 
turn right, walk to face the trash can
open the cabinet, put the candle in the cabinet, close it
Pick up the candle from the back of the toilet.
Put the candle in the cabinet on the far let.
Move to the middle cabinet directly under the sink
Walk straight to the wall, turn left to face the toilet.
Open the cabinet, place the candle into the cabinet and close the cabinet door.
Pick up the candle next to the sink. 
Put a candle in the cabinet. 
Find the cabinet to the right of the toilet.
Turn right, then left, then right again to reach the toilet.
Place the candle in the cabinet, behind the soap.
Pick the candle on the left side of the back of the toilet up from the toilet.
Put a candle on a shelf.
Turn around and walk ahead, veering left to the metal cart in corner of the room.
Go forward to the counter in front of you.
Put the candle on the top shelf of the metal rack in the corner.
grab a candle off of the top of the bathroom cabinet
place a candle on top of the towel rack
Move slightly forward towards the bath tub.
Move to the right of the toilet.
Put the candle on the counter next to the tub. 
grab a candle off the top of the toilet
place a candle next to the bathtub
move up to the side of the sink
Move left then face the back of the toilet
Place the candle on top of the counter to the left of the purple spray bottle
Pick up the green candle in the middle from the toilet tank.
Place a green candle on a counter.
Back up from the counter and look down at the drawers
Turn around, move to the sink.
Put the candle away in the right drawer under the sink. 
Pick up the candle stick on top of the green counter top
Move a candle to the drawer
Turn around and go left to face the tall white dresser.
turn left and walk over to the left side of the bath tub
place the candle down on top of the tall white cabinet
pick up the candle from the back of the toilet
move the candle from the back of the toilet to the dresser
Bring the candle to the black table.
Turn to the right and walk to the bathtub.
Put the candle on the table to the left of the toilet paper.
Grab the candle that is sitting on the black table.
Move the candle to a different location on the table.
turn around, walk to the shower, turn left, walk to wall, turn left to face the toilet
go to the sink
put the candle on the toilet tank
Pick up the candle that is on the counter.
Move the candle to the back of the toilet.
Go to the toilet
Turn around and take one step, then turn left to face the sink. 
Put the green candle on top of the toilet. 
Pick up the candle on the counter. 
Put a candle on the toilet tank lid. 
Turn around and walk to the toilet.
Turn left and face the counter.
Place the candle on the toilet tank, in front and to the left of the toilet paper roll.
Pick up the candle that is sitting to the right of the faucet
Place a candle on the back of a toilet
Do a complete turn around until you are facing the bathroom sink and toilet once again.
Walk forward to the trash bin, then turn right and walk up to the bathroom sink.
Place the candle on the back of the toilet, on the left hand side. 
Pick up the candle in the right, back corner of the bathroom counter. 
Put a candle on the back of the toilet. 
Turn around and walk across the room.
Turn to the left and face the counter between two sinks.
Put the candle on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the candle from the counter.
Move a candle from a counter to the top of a toilet.
turn around to face the toilet
Turn around and cross the room to face the cabinet on the bottom right of the sink on the right.
Put the candle on the back of the toilet.
remove green candle from cabinet
put candle on top of toilet tank
turn around and walk straight then turn left towards the sink and turn left towards the toilet
Turn to your right and go to the counter on the right side of the sink.
Set the candle on the left side of the toilet tank cover.
Pick up the candlestick that is behind the one closest to you. 
Move a candlestick to the back of the toilet. 
turn around, walk to the toilet
turn right, walk towards tub, turn left to face toilet
put the candle on the back of the toilet
Pick up the candle on top of the cabinet.
Place the candle on top of the toilet.
Turn left, go to the bath tub, turn left, and go to the toilet.
Turn around and go to the cabinet.
Place candle on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the white candle with the gold base that is sitting on the countertop.
Place a candle on the toilet tank.
Go to the left of the toilet.
Turn around completely and walk towards the white shelf. Step to the right.
Place the nail polish on the back end of the toilet. 
pick up a CD from the stand
Put a CD on a table.
Turn around and then turn right to face the black table.
Turn to your left and walk across the room to the round, black end table to your left. 
Place the CD, to the right of the credit card, on the black dining table. 
Pick up a CD from the desk
Move a CD on the desk to the right.
turn around and move across the room to the brown dresser underneath the bunk bed
Go across the room to the right side of the desk where there is a trash can.
Place the disc on top of the dresser with 3 drawers beside the book.
Pick the CD up from off of the desk.
Move the CD that's on top of the desk to on top of the dresser.
Turn around and walk past the bed and veer right to the dresser.
Turn around and face the end of the brown desk.
Place the CD on top of the dresser.
Open the top drawer and take out the CD in the drawer.
To move the CD from the drawer to the safe.
Carry the CD to the small white safe on the floor in the corner of the room
turn to the right twice and go to the end of the bed and turn to the left facing the dresser
open the safe and put the CD in the safe and close the safe
Pick up the CD that is on the dresser. 
Move a CD to the safe. 
Turn around and go to the safe on the dresser.
Turn left, go straight, turn left around the couch, then turn right to go to the desk.
Put the CD inside of the safe.
Pick up the CD on the desk.
Place a CD in a cabinet.
Move over to your left, in front of the cell phone on the desk. 
Turn right and walk to the window then turn left and walk to the desk.
Put the cd between the two blue pens above you and to your right.
Pick up the CD, to the right of the pencil, on the dresser. 
Put a CD in the book shelf. 
Turn around and move to the entertainment center on the left
Turn around and go to the right end of of the dresser. 
Place the CD on the bottom, left shelf of the books on the book shelf.
pick up the CD on top of the desk
Move a CD to the desk cubby area
turn around and turn back to the desk
Turn around, go forward, turn to the right after passing the shelves, go forward, turn right, go forward, at the black bin turn left, go forward to the desk.
Put the CD on the right desk shelf below the top of the desk.
Pick up the CD from the dresser
Put the CD on the upper shelf
Turn around and move to the window then turn right and face the bookcase.
Turn right and walk up to the edge of the dresser where the disc lay.
Place the disc on the shelf to the left of the digital alarm clock.
Pick up the middle CD on the desk.
Place the CD from the desk to the night stand.
Turn right, walk towards the bed, turn left towards the night stand 
Go to the desk, to your right.
Place the CD on the night stand, behind the box of tissues.
Remove the left cd, closest to the lower alarm clock.
Move cd from table to nightstand.
turn around, walk to the night stand
Turn left and head to the table top with the CD on top of it
Place the CD on top of the night stand on the front right corner
Pick up the cell phone.
Place a cell phone on a chair.
Turn around and walk to the sofa seat straight ahead.
You turn left from the bed, along the bed making an right you stand in front of an counter bed-side.
You land the I-phone to leave it resting on the sofa.
Pick up the phone from the table. 
Put the phone down on the chair. 
Turn to the right and start to walk towards the bed. Turn left and walk towards the window. Make a right going towards the chair.
Turn around and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the desk.
Put the phone on the bed please.
pick up the phone from the shelf
get the phone from the shelf and put it on the bed
Turn around on your left face the end of the bed
Turn around to the table
Put the phone on the green blanket on the bed
Take the cell phone that is on the desk next to the textbook. 
To place the cell phone on the bed. 
Carry the phone to the bed with the blue blanket on top of it
turn right, walk to the desk, turn right, take two steps, turn left, take a step, turn right, walk to chair
put the phone on to the bed
Pick up the sell phone that is on the left, front corner of the chair cushion. 
Put the phone on the bed. 
turn right, walk across room towards chair, turn right, walk to the bed
turn around, walk forward, turn right, walk forward, turn left to face the dresser
put the phone on the bed
pick up a phone that is on the dresser
move a phone from the dresser to the bed
Turn left and head to the door then hang right and walk to the desk
Turn right, go forward, then turn left to approach the bed.
Put the cell phone on the desk, in front of the computer.
pick up the phone from the bed
drop the phone on the shelf
move to the desk behind you
Turn around and walk to the desk.
Put the cell phone on the desk, to the right of the blue pencil.
pick up the phone that is on the bed
move a phone from the bed to the desk
Turn left and walk over to the wood desk
Turn left and walk to the bed.
Place the cell phone on the desk near the chair and the cup.
Pick the phone up off of the bed.
Put a phone on a table.
Turn around and go to the desk. 
Move to the right side of the dresser at the foot of the bed
Set the phone on top of the white desk to the right of the book
Pick up the cell phone from the back left corner of the nightstand.
Place a cell phone on a table.
Turn around and face the table.
Turn around, proceed to nightstand.
Open drawer of nightstand.  Put phone in drawer, all the way to the top, close the drawer.
pick up the phone from the stand
take the phone from the top of the nightstand and place it in the drawer
Move back around to the front of the stand in front of you with the lamp. 
Walk forward then turn left to face the wooden dresser
Open the second drawer from the top on the right side of the dresser and put the phone in it
Pick up phone from in front of the alarm clocks on the dresser.
Put phone from dresser into drawer.
Turn right and go to the dresser.
Turn right and walk to the bed.
Place the phone on the dresser to the right and in front of the alarm clock.
Pick up the phone on the left side of the bed.
Put a phone on a dresser.
Make a left to walk past the bed towards the wide black dresser.
Walk to the end of the bed then turn right.
Put the phone on the dresser in front of the gold dog.
Pick up the cell phone to the right of the laptop computer on the middle of the bed.
Place a cell phone on a dresser.
Bring the phone to the safe next to the bed. 
Turn around, walk up to the window, then turn right to face the desk.
Place the cell phone in the safe and close the door.
Take the white cell phone from the night stand
Put the white cell phone in the safe
turn around, head across the room to the dresser
Turn around and cross the room then hang right and walk to the dresser
Open the white safe that is sitting on top of the dresser and place the phone inside then close the safe
Pick up the cell phone on the edge of the dresser behind the coffee cup. 
Put the cellphone in the safe. 
Turn around and walk towards the bed, then turn right and walk towards the door, turn right again to face the end table.
Turn to the right and then right again to face the black desk.
Put the phone on the shelf below the disc.
Pick up the white smartphone closest to you from the left of the pillow from the center of the bed.
Place a smartphone on the nightstand.
turn towards the nightstand at the top of the bed
Turn around, then turn right, then turn left, cross the room to the bed. At the bed take a left, then make a right and walk to the wall, then turn to face the end of the bed with the blue blanket
Place the cell phone on the night stand in front of the pen 
Pick up the cell phone on the bed.
Place a cell phone on a night stand.
walk to face night stand between beds
Turn around and go to the sink across from the toilet and nearest to the wall.
Place the rag in the tub, to the left of the soap.
Open the left side cabinet door under the sink and get the black cloth from under there before closing the door again.
Place a cloth in the tub.
Turn around and to the left to go to the tub.
turn to the left and move to the counter with the double sinks, face the sink on the right
put the yellow cloth in to the bath tub
Take the yellow rag out of the sink.
Move a yellow rag from the sink to the bathtub.
Turn around and walk forward to the steel rack in the corner.
look down and walk straight towards the towel rack and turn left towards the tub
put the rag down on the top of the shelf 
Pick up the rag on the back of the toilet. 
Put a rag on the metal rack. 
Place the purple rag next to the green spray bottle on the sink.
Pick up the purple rag from the sink.
Move to the sink on your right.
Put the rag on the counter, right of the sink. 
Pick up the rag on the counter, to the left of the sink.
Put the rag in the drawer.
Take a step backwards.
Take a few steps to the right and look to the floor.
Place the cloth on the shelf, in the center.
Pick up the black rag on the wooden desk.
Pick up the black rag and put it next to the black mug.
move forward to the shelf above the rags on the floor
Turn around to walk to the bathtub.
Put the purple rag down on the black table.
Pick up the leftmost purple rag.
Place a rag on a table.
Turn to the left and face the black end table
Move to the left to face the sink on the left.
Put the cloth in the sink.
Take the white rag out from underneath the sink on the left.
Move a white rag from under the sink on the left to the sink basin.
Place the rag in the right-hand sink.
Open the left cabinet under the right sink and take out the red rag that is inside.
Move a rag from a cabinet to the sink.
Head right towards the wall and turn left at the wall to face the vanity sink.
Turn around, move to the tub.
Put the rag on the toilet tank lid.
Pick the purple cloth up that is second from the left in the tub.
Put a cloth on the back of a toilet.
Turn around to your left and walk straight to the toilet tank
Head right to the black vanity with sinks.
Put the red towel on the left side of the toilet tank.
Open the right-hand side cabinet, take out the red rag that is in the cabinet, and close the door. 
Move a rag to the back of the toilet. 
Turn around and veer right to the chair in the corner.
Turn around and then face the couch to the left.
Put the credit card on the chair.
Pick up the credit card farthest to the right.
Put a credit card on the chair.
Turn right and walk to the chair then take a step to your right.
Turn right and walk to the coffee table, then turn right and walk to the statue near the television.
Put the credit card on the seat of the armchair, in front of and to the left of the laptop.
Pick up the credit card from the tv stand. 
Move a credit card to an armchair.
Turn right and walk to the end of the couch then turn right and walk to the grey trash can, then turn left and walk to the blue chair.
Move forward to the wall, turn left, move to the trash can, turn left to face the credit card on the round table.
Put the credit card on the chair. 
Pick up the blue credit card off of the couch.
Move a blue credit card to the seat of a chair.
Turn left and then walk right to reach the closest brown armchair.
Turn to your left and go to the chair that is to the left of the chair you are standing in front of.
Place the credit card to the left of the gold statue on the coffee table.
Pick up the credit card from the table.
Move a credit card to the coffee table.
Turn around and walk to the small black coffee table.
Turn around and walk over to the desk on the other side of the room. 
Place the credit card on the edge of the desk between the two pencils. 
grab a credit card off of the desk there
place a credit card down on the larger desk in the room
Turn around and walk over to the desk.
turn to the left and take a few steps and turn to the right and go to the night stand
put the credit card on the desk
Take the credit card off of the shelf above the desk.
Put a credit card on a desk.
Turn around and move across the room to the table
Walk to the nightstand on the left of the bed.
Place the card on the dresser.
Pick up the credit card that's in front of you.
Put a credit card on the table.
Turn left and walk forward, stop in front of the drawers on your right.
Turn left and walk over to the white shelving unit on the wall.
Open the upper drawer in put the credit card inside, then close the drawer.
Pick up the credit card on the desk.
Place a credit card on a book shelf.
face the book shelf directly above the desk
Turn left then head to the table beside the desk
Put the credit card on the book shelf
Pick the credit card up from the desk.
Put a credit card on a shelf on a desk.
Turn around and walk right to the left portion of the desk, to the right of the bin on the floor.
Walk to the night stand beside the bed.
Place the credit card into the desk shelf underneath the laptop.
Pick up the credit card on the shelf. 
Put a credit card on a couch. 
Cross the room and turn to face the left side of the couch.
Turn to the left and right to go around the coffee table, then face it to the right.
Place the credit card under the blue pillow on the couch.
Pick up the card on the dresser.
To move a card from the dresser to the right side of the couch.
Move a few feet to the couch on your left.
Make a left to walk past the couch to the white dresser.
Set the credit card down on the checkered couch.
Pick the credit card up from the table.
Put a credit card on a couch.
Turn right and walk to the center of the sofa.
Move to the counter to the left of the fridge to the right of the stove.
Place the cup in to the sink.
Pick up the gold goblet on top of the counter next to the sink
Move a gold goblet from the counter to the sink
Look down and find the cabinet to the left of the dishwasher.
walk over to the kitchen counter next to the microwave
put the green sponge in the cupboard below the microwave
pick up the sponge from the gas cooker
place a sponge in a shelf
Turn right, turn right at the towels, walk to the metal rack. 
Walk forward to the toilet, then turn left towards the garbage can on the floor.
Put the sponge on the cart, on the rack below the candle.
Pick the green sponge up from the side of the tub.
Put a sponge on the back of the toilet.
Take the sponge and turn right, then turn right again to face the long way of the toilet.
Turn around and walk over to the toilet, then turn right and walk over to the rightmost sink.
Place the sponge vertically on top of the toilet tank to the right of the closest white rag.
pick up the green sponge from the bath tub
Place green sponge on toilet tank
Turn around and walk to the toilet
Turn around, walk to the end, turn left, walk to the shelf
Put the sponge by the paper roll on the toilet
Take the egg from the counter.
Put an egg in the fridge.
Turn around and walk a few steps, then turn left and walk to the fridge.
Walk forward to the table.
Put the egg in the microwave.
pick up the egg behind the microwave oven
put an egg inside the microwave oven
Turn around, walk towards the sink, take an immediate right and turn right to face the counter with a drawer.
Turn right and walk to face the kitchen counter just right of the sink
Open the top drawer and put the fork in it
Pick up the fork on the counter, in front of the sponge.
Put a fork in the drawer.
Turn left towards the kitchen then left again.
Turn to the left and face the fridge.
Open the second cabinet door from the left and put the vase in and shut the door.
Open the refrigerator, take the glass, and shut the refrigerator door.
Place the chilled glass in the cabinet.
Turn right and walk toward the fridge, stopping by the counter, then turn around to face the stove
Turn and move to the large green kitchen table facing the glass vase
Place the glass vase on the green counter on top of the dishwasher to the left of the sponge
Pick up the glass vase to the left of the stove
Put a glass vase on a table
Turn around and go to the kitchen island across from you. 
Go to the right to stand in front of the sink.
Put the vase on the table.
Pick up the glass jug that is in the garbage can.
Put a jug in the refrigerator. 
Bring the vase to the fridge on the left. 
Turn to your right and walk across the kitchen to the counter between the refrigerator and the sink on your right. 
Place the pitcher on the left, top shelf of the refrigerator, in front of the tomato. 
Pick the towel up from the towel holder.
Put a towel in a tub.
Turn left and walk over to the tub ahead of you to your left.
Step forward to face the rag on the wall.
Place the rag in the bath tub.
Take the green towel on the hanging ring on the left wall.
Put a towel in a tub.
Carry the hand towel to the bathtub
Turn around, head to the bath tub
Turn around, put the towel in the bath tub
Take the towel off the towel holder that is on the wall to the left of the sink.
Move a towel from a wall-mounted towel holder to the bathtub.
move to the tub to the left
Move to the right of the mirror facing the towel holder on the wall
Place the hand towel inside of the bath tub
Take the towel down from the towel ring.
Put a towel in the tub.
Carry the hand towel to the bath tub
Turn around to walk towards the mirror.
Set the towel down in the bathtub.
remove the towel from the towel holder next to the mirror
pick up a towel and put it down onto the edge of the bathtub
Bring the towel to the tub behind you.
Turn right, walk around the toilet to the sink on the left
Open the cabinet door on the left, put the towel in, close the door
Pick up the towel from the wall.
Put the towel below the sink. 
Turn left and look down at the cabinet.
Move to the sink to your left. 
Open the left cabinet, right of the sink, put the towel in there. 
Take the towel off the towel hook.
Place a towel in a cabinet.
Take a step right.
Turn to your left and go to the towel hanging from the towel holder between the toilet and the sink. 
Place the towel on the counter, to the left of the blue spray bottle. 
Grab the hand towel from the holder.
To take the hand towel and set it down on the sink.
Turn around and go left toward the sink with the pink soap in the bowl.
Turn left and take a step to your left.
Put the towel to the left of the right sink.
Pick up the towel from the towel holder. 
Move the towel from the towel holder to the sink counter. 
turn right then walk straight then turn left towards the sink
Go forward to the towel bar, then turn right then left to go around the shower, then turn right and head to the garbage bin under the round towel holder
Put the towel in the garbage bin to the right of the toilet
take the towel off the towel rack
move towel from towel rack to trash can
walk back to face the toilet
Walk to the sink then take a step to your right.
Put the towel in the garbage.
take the hand towel from above
take the hand towel and throw it away.
Look down at the floor. 
Look to the ground, then turn to your right, go right again and look in front of you at the Towel holder.
Put the towel you are holding and place it in the trashcan in front of you.
take the hand towel
Throw out the hand towel
Turn left, walk to the trash can
Turn around and walk towards the opposite wall towards the hanger on the right side of the sink.
Set the white towel down in the sink basin.
Remove towel from wall.
Move towel from place on wall to center of sink.
Turn right.
Turn around and look up to face the towel hanging on the wall.
Place the towel in the left side of the sink.
Pick up the wash cloth off of the metal ring on the wall in front of you.
Put a wash cloth in the left sink.
Turn around, turn left and walk to the middle of the vanity between the sinks on the left.
Turn to the right and turn around to stand in front of the towel hanging to the left of the mirror.
Put the towel in the sink.
Take the towel from the towel ring on the wall.
Put a towel in the sink.
Look at the toilet.
Turn around and go to the small space between the sink and the toilet. 
Place the towel on the top of the toilet tank, in front of the green spray bottle. 
pick up the towel from above
get the hand towel from the towel rod and stand it up on the toilet.
Turn around and stand in front of the toilet.
Turn around and face the holder on the wall to the right.
Place the towel on the back of the toilet.
Remove the towel from the rack.
Take the hand towel to the toilet.
Go left and then turn right to face the toilet.
Go straight, towards the wall, then turn left and walk to the sink by the wall. 
Put the towel on the back of the toilet tank, to the right of the yellow spray bottle. 
Pick up the towel from the holder on the right side wall.
Move a towel to the toilet.
Walk around the round black table and then turn left to face the fridge.
turn to face the round kitchen table
put the kettle inside the cabinet
Pick up the tea kettle that is on the counter. 
Place a tea kettle inside of a cabinet. 
Turn left and walk towards the shelves on the right.
Turn right, then turn right again to go to the stove.
Place the kettle on the middle shelf, to the left of the glove. 
Pick up the kettle that's on the back left burner.
Move the kettle that's on the back left burner to the middle wooden shelf.
Turn right, hang a left at the counter, take a left at the microwave and walk to the cook top range on the right.
Turn around and veer right, turning left at the fridge to face the counter.
Place the kettle on the front right burner.
Open the cupboard that's under the coffee maker and get the kettle that's under there then close the door.
Put a kettle on the stove.
Bring the keys to the chairs in the corner. 
Turn around and walk to the sofa chair in the end
Put the key chain on the right sofa chairs
Pick up the set of keys in front of the plant in the middle of the table.
Place a set of keys on a chair.
Turn around to face the armchair in the corner of the room.
turn right, take a step, turn right, walk past coffee table and couch, turn left take a few steps, turn right, walk to the couch
put the keys on the chair
Pick up the keys from the desk.
Move some keys from a desk to the floral armchair.
Turn around with the keys and cross the room so that you're facing the yellow floral chair with the purple cushion.
Walk ahead, then turn left to the dresser in front of you.
Place the keys on the chair, on the side opposite the cell phone.
Pick up the keys from the counter.
Place a set of keys onto a arm chair.
Turn around and head forward to the grey arm chair across the room
Turn right and walk to the small nightstand table on the left next to the bed.
Put the set of keys to the left of the book near the edge of the cushion on the chair.
Pick up the keys from the chair.
Move a set of keys from a chair to a coffee table.
Go left and then turn left at the white cabinets to face towards the black table.
Move to the arm chair to the left of you
Put keys on the table
Pick up the keys on the desk shelf.
Place keys on the desk table.
Move back down to the desk top under the shelf
Move to the right side of the wooden desk 
Place the keys on top of the desk to the left of the clock
Pick up the keys from the right shelf.
Move keys from the shelf to the desk.
turn to the right and go to the wall and turn to the right and go to the desk
Walk towards the bedside table
Place the keys on the desk
Pick up the keys that are on the black table.
Move the keys from the top of the black table to the drawer inside.
Carry the keys to the black end table against the wall
Turn around and walk to the coffee table in front of the chair with the laptop on it.
Put the keys in the drawer on the left hand side.
Pick up the keys from the cushion of the chair. 
Put the keys on the TV stand.
Walk behind you to the TV stand.
Turn around and take one step, then turn right and take two steps, then turn right to face the coffee table. 
Place the keys on the table.
Pick up the set of keys laying on the nightstand
Place a set of keys on a dresser
Turn around completely and move forward. Make a left at the bed and go forward to the dresser.
Move forward to the small table left of the bed.
Put the keys on the dresser.
Pick up the keys from the coffee table. 
Move a set of keys to the ottoman.
Turn around and go through the living room, to the purple ottoman. 
turn right, walk forward, turn right before the purple chair, walk past purple chair and ottoman, turn left, take a couple steps, turn right, take a few steps, turn right to face coffee table
put the keys on the purple ottoman
Pick up the keys that are sitting on the dresser.
Move a set of keys to a safe.
Turn around, walk past the couch to the brown dresser.
Turn white and walk across the room to the right of the bed. Turn right after the rug and go to the brown dresser.
Open the white safe and put the car keys inside of it.
Pick the keys up from the small cabinet.
Put keys on a shelf of a cabinet.
Move over to the left side of the small, black shelf. 
Turn around and go to the desk. 
Place the keys on the left, inner shelf of the small, black shelf. 
Pick up keys off of the middle chair. 
Move a pair of keys to a side table. 
Turn to the right and walk over to the left side of the bedside table.
turn left, walk two steps, turn right, walk to the desk
put the keys on the table
pick up the keys that are on the dresser
move keys from dresser to table
Turn around and walk to the nightstand between the bed and the white door.
walk to face bureau 
put keys on night stand
Pick up the keys that are in front of you.
Put keys on a night stand.
Move left, over to the small table that is next to chair.
Head straight to the arm chair
Put the keys on the night stand
Pick the keys up from the shelf.
Put keys on a couch.
Turn around and walk toward the couch
Turn around and move around the couch to the lounge chair at the opposite side of the room.
Place the keys on the couch next to the couch pillow.
Pick up the keys from the table. 
Move the keys from the table to the sofa
Head to the sofa with the cardboard box on it
Turn around, step to the right and move forward. Make a left and face the coffee table. 
Set the keys on the couch.
Pick up the set of keys that are on the table.
Move a set of keys to the loveseat. 
turn right to face the other sofa with a box and lap top
Walk ahead and veer all the way left to the chair with cushions in the corner.
Place the keys on the couch to the right of the remote.
Pick up the keys that are behind the television on the television stand. 
To move a set of keys to the couch. 
Turn right and turn towards the last sofa cushion.
Turn completely around, turn left and walk over to the coffee table, on the side that is closest to the couch. 
Place the keys on the far right couch cushion, to the right of the cardboard box.
Pick up the keys between the two boxes of tissue on the table. 
Put the keys on the couch.
Turn around and walk to the gray couch on your left.
Move over to the counter to the right of the sink.
Stand the knife up next to the spoon. 
Pick up the knife in front of the sink.
Move the knife in front of the sink to the sink.
Carry the knife straight back to the sink above the orange cabinets
Walk forward, hang a left and go to the black round table.
Put the chef's knife in the sink basin.
Pick up the yellow knife on the circular black table.
Take the yellow knife and put it in the sink.
Take a few steps right.
Turn around and walk up to the round white table.
Drop the metal spoon into the center of the sink basin.
Pick up the spoon on the counter. 
Put a spoon in a bowl in the sink. 
Turn left to go to the sink.
Turn left at the couch and walk to the table 
place the computer on the chair
Close the laptop and pick it up from the table. 
Moving a laptop from a table to a chair. 
Carry the laptop to the blue chair in the corner of the room
Move to the right side of the wood end table to the right of the TV stand
Place the laptop on top of the blue chair
Pick up the laptop from the coffee table.
Move a laptop from a coffee table to an armchair.
Turn around and walk over to the bed.
Move a bit to the left, then walk up to the window and turn right to face the side of the desk.
Place the laptop down to the right of the book that is on the bed. 
Close the laptop on the table then pick it up. 
Move the laptop to the bed.
take the laptop to the desk
Turn left and walk to the bed.
Put the laptop on the desk.
Pick up the laptop on the right.
Move a laptop from a bed to a desk.
Bring the computer forward to the purple ottoman.
Turn around, move to the computer on the coffee table.
Put the computer down on the ottoman, left of the phone. 
Pick up the laptop  on the right side of the sofa
Get the laptop from the sofa going to the foot rest
Turn left and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the plant then turn left to face the ottoman.
Turn around and go just past the dresser that is on the right then turn left and go to the sofa
Put the laptop on the ottoman
Close the lid and pick up the computer from the couch
Put a laptop on an ottoman
Go to the small white table
Turn around and go to the white table behind you. 
Put the laptop to the right of the female statue, on the white end table. 
Close and pick up the laptop between the two vase's, on the coffee table. 
Put the laptop on the end table. 
Turn left and walk a few steps then turn left and walk to the couch so you are facing the right side of it.
Turn around and head to the desk.
Put the laptop in the center of the sofa.
Close the laptop on the desk, then pick it up.
Move the laptop from the desk to the couch.
back up a bit to face the kitchen sink again
Walk over to the sink so you are standing in front of it facing it.
Place the head of lettuce near the sponge with a green back.
Pick up the knife from the table.
Slice lettuce on the table with the knife. 
Move to the right, still facing the table.
Turn left to the table by the stove
Slice the cabbage on the table
pick up the mug that is on the table
move mug from table to tv stand
Turn left to walk to the TV console.
Go forward and turn to the left and then the right to face the gray and white shelves.
Put the mug down on the night stand.
Pick the paper up from the couch.
Put a paper on a chair.
With the newspaper in hand turn around and go the the green chair directly behind you.
turn around, face dark red shelves with a box on to
put the paper on the chair on the left side
Pick up the newspaper that is far back on top of the loveseat
Throw away a newspaper in the trash bin
Carry the newspaper to the black garbage bin across the room
Move across the room to the right side of the love seat
Place the newspaper in the trash bin
Pick up the newspaper from the blue chair.
Move the newspaper from the chair to ottoman.
turn around, walk forward, turn left, walk to couch, turn right, walk to the wall, turn left, walk to the purple ottoman
Turn left and take a step then turn left and walk to the chair then take a step to your left and walk just past the chair then turn right and walk to the table to the left of the chair at the head of the table where the newspaper is.
Put the newspaper on the right edge of the ottoman near the bottom right corner.
Pick up the newspaper on top of the dresser
Move a newspaper from the dresser to the ottoman
Turn to your left, then left  again face the foot rest 
Turn around, hang a right just before the brown ottoman, head left at the couch and turn left to face the left side of the couch.
Put the newspaper on the left corner between two laptop computers on the ottoman.
Pick up the newspaper that is on the entertainment center.
Move the newspaper to the couch.
Turn around and walk across the room to the green sofa.
Walk forward to the coffee table, walk between the coffee table and the couch, then turn left to face the coffee table. 
Place the newspaper behind the remote control that is on the right. 
Pick up the newspaper from the tv stand
Place the newspaper on the couch
turn left, go to black couch with green pillows and box
Turn right and walk all the way to the stove.
Place the pan on the counter to the left of the toaster.
Pick up the pot on the front of the stove. 
Move a pot from the stove to the counter. 
Carry the pan to the upper counter top above the cupboard facing the spoon
Walk to the stove.
Set the white pan down on the table.
pick up frying pan on left front burner from stove top
put a frying pan on a table
turn to the right and move forward to towards the fridge, turning right moving towards the trash bag that is in the corner of the room, turn to the right to face the table
Turn and cross the room to face the counter to the left of the sink.
Put the plate in the sink.
Pick up the plate from the counter.
Take the plate from the counter and put it in the sink.
Go to the sink on your right.
go a few step forward and turn to the left and go to the nightstand by the bed
put the blue pen on the desk
Pick up the blue pencil from the dust bin
Pick a pencil in the dustbin and place it on the table
Move a few steps towards the desk.
Turn around and go to the desk, to the left of the bed. 
Place the pen in the top left drawer of the desk. 
Pick up the pen to the right of the alarm clock.
Place the pen next to the alarm clock in the bottom drawer of the desk.
Take a step to the right.
turn around, walk to the desk
put the pen on the shelf above the desk
pick up the pen that is on the desk
move pen from desk to shelf
Take a side step to the left and look up.
Turn left and face the dresser with the clock on it.
Put the pen in the box.
Pick up the pen just right of the clock from the dresser
Put the pen on the wooden shelf
turn around, walk towards the bed, turn left
Turn and go to the trash can.
Place the pen on top of the black dresser.
Pick up the pen from the dresser, closer to the front.
Move a pen to a bowl in a cabinet.
Turn around, head towards the grey chair, and then turn right towards the lamp on the table.
Walk straight, turn right to face the drawer, walk straight to the drawer.
Place the pen on top of the small table.
grab a pencil off of the cabinet on the right
place a pencil down on the small table with the lamp
Turn left, walk forward to the door, then turn left and walk to the night stand to the right of the bed.
Turn left, walk slightly forward, turn left, walk to the wall, turn left so you are facing the waste basket. 
Put the pen on the end table behind the CD. 
Pick up pencil from behind cd on dresser.
Move pencil from dresser to nightstand.
Turn left and take a step forward then turn left again and walk to the night stand.
Turn around and head forward, at the night stand take a right and cross the room to the potted plant sitting in the window sill 
Place the pencil on the desk to the left of the sunlight marks
Pick up pencil from the window sill, to the right of the potted plant.
Move a pencil from the window sill to the desk.
Carry the pencil to the right side of the desk top
Turn to the right then left and go forward to the desk.
Place the pencil on top of the desk.
Pick up the closest pencil off of the table in front of you.
Move a pencil from a table to a desk.
turn around and move forward to the end of the bed and then turn left and move to the white desk 
Turn completely around, walk to the small table at the end of the bed. 
Put the pencil on the counter left of the clock on the front of the counter. 
Pull out the pencil inside the recycle bin. 
Put a pencil on the shelf. 
Turn around and cross the room to stand at the end of the desk where the trash can is.
Turn right and walk to the desk, then make a left and walk to the black night stand to the right of the bed
Place the pencil on the desk
pick up pencil from bedside table with lamp
Place pencil on brown dresser
Turn to the left and go around then bed then turn right to face the dresser. 
Turn right and walk to the desk then turn right and walk to the chair.
Put the pencil in the aforementioned garbage.
Pick up a pencil from the desk
Put a pencil in a bin.
Move to the left facing the upper top shelf of the desk
Move to the left side of the desk where the pencil is sitting on top of the desk
Place the pencil on top of the desk shelf
Pick up the pencil off of the desk. 
Move a pencil to a different area. 
go to the left of the stand
Turn right then walk straight to the desk
Put the pencil in the drawer
Take the pencil out of the bin.
Place a pencil on a table.
Turn around and go past the bed then turn right and go to the night stand to the left of the bed. 
Turn around and walk to the desk space on your left.
Set the pencil down on the nightstand.
Pick up the pencil that is on the front of the dresser. 
Put a pencil on the night stand.
Turn around and approach the nightstand to the left of the bed.
Turn right, walk halfway across the room, turn left, and walk to the counter.
Put the pencil on the lamp table.
Open up the lower cabinet that is to the left of the oven and take out the shaker before closing the door. 
Move a seasoning shaker to the counter. 
Look up to face the counter in front of the toaster.
Move left then head back to the cupboard on the far left side above the stove top
Place the pepper grinder on top of the counter left of the stove
Take out the pepper shaker from the cabinet, then close the cabinet.
Move a pepper shaker from a cabinet to a drawer.
Take a step back and continue to face the counter to the left of the sink
Walk to the door then turn left and walk past the counter on your right then turn right and walk to the counter then turn left and walk to the counter.
Open the drawer that's on your left nearest the corner in front of you and put the salt shaker in it in the bottom left corner and close the drawer.
Pick the salt shaker up from the counter.
Put a salt shaker in a drawer.
Turn to the right and walk forward. Turn to the left and walk around the counter then turn right to face the counter. 
Walk around the kitchen island and stand on the opposite side of where you were standing.
Place the pepper shaker on the shelf that contains the white mug. 
pick up salt shaker that is on the island
get salt shaker from island to put away on shelf
Turn to your left walk forward then head to the shelf rack
Move towards the silver trash bin next to the microwave then turn left and move to the sink next to the coffee maker.
Place the salt shaker in front of the apple and cup on the top of the table.
Open the door under the sink and get the salt shaker on the right side near the edge.
Put a salt shaker on the black table.
Turn right and take four steps, turn right again and walk over to the silver trash can and turn left to face the chair.
take two steps, turn left, walk a few steps, turn right to face couch
put the pillow on the chair
Pick up the blue pillow from the left side of the couch.
Place a pillow on a chair.
Turn around, walk across room to chair in the corner
Turn right and walk forward, then hang a right and walk up to the left end of the couch.
Put the purple pillow standing up on the seat of the black chair.
Pick up the pillow on the couch. 
Stand a pillow on a chair. 
Turn around and walk across the room, then turn right. 
Turn around and go to the right end of the couch that is across the room from you. 
Place the pillow on top of the newspaper, on the cushion of the chair. 
Take the orange pillow from the couch
Take the pillow from the couch, put it on the arm chair
Turn left and then go ahead, veering right to the chair in the corner.
turn around, walk to the table, turn right to face the bed
put the pillow on the chair
Pick up the closest purple pillow off of the bed.
Move a purple pillow to the seat of a chair.
Turn to the left and walk to the foot stool in front of the chair on the right.
turn to the right and walk to the sofa with two cushions shaped like barrels
place the cushion on the ottoman behind the remote control
Pick up the plaid cushion on top of the sofa to the left
Move a plaid cushion to the ottoman
Walk a few feet right and face the couch
Turn around and walk to the chair next to the sofa.
Put the pillow on the middle of the sofa with it standing vertically.
Pick up the red cushion on top of the chair
Move a red cushion from the chair to the sofa
Bend down and pick up the pillow from the chair.  Spin around and turn right toward the couch.  Turn left at the couch and go to the far end of the couch.  Face the couch.
Move to the table. 
Put the plate on the TV stand. 
Grab the grey plate on the end table
Move the grey plate on the end table to the TV cabinet
Turn right and walk towards the tv stand.
Turn around and go to the toilet
Put the toilet plunger in the cabinet on the right
take the plunger on the ground
move the plunger from the side of the toilet to the cabinet
Turn to the left and face the cabinets. 
Turn left, walk to end of counter, turn right, walk to wall
Open cupboard below sink, place plunger inside, close cupboard
Pick up the plunger from next to the toilet.
Move the plunger to the cabinet under the sink.
Turn around, turn left at the toilet and walk to the cabinets under the right sink of the vanity to the right.
Turn around to the right and walk to the toilet. 
Open the far left cabinet and place the plunger inside. Close the door.
Pick up the plunger from the other side of the toilet
Move the plunger from next to the toilet to the cupboard under the sink
Turn right and go towards the bath tub then turn right and go towards the door then turn right
Move to the toilet. 
Put the plunger in the cabinet under the sink. 
Pick up the plunger from the floor.
Move a plunger from the floor to a cabinet.
Carry the plunger, so you're standing facing the edge of the vanity that's closest to the toilet.
Move forward to the tub, turn left after the toilet and move to the plunger on the ground. 
Put the plunger in the left cabinet under the sink on the right. 
Pick up the plunger next to the wall.
To place the plunger from beside the toilet in the cabinet underneath the sink. 
Turn around to face the cabinet to the right of the flush toilet
Turn left and walk up to the toilet
Open the bottom right cabinet under the left sink and put the plunger in it
Pick the red plunger up from the floor.
Put a plunger in a cabinet.
Turn to your left and walk towards the white cabinets. 
Turn to your right then head to the side of the toilet bowl
Open the lower cabinet and put the plunger inside then close the cabinet
Pick up the large pot to the right of the coffee machine.
Move a large pot from the counter top to the sink.
Turn around towards the sink.
Walk slightly left and then forward around to the long side of the kitchen island
Put the pot into the kitchen sink
Pick up the potato from the counter, next to the fork.
Put a potato in the microwave.
Turn around, move counterclockwise around the kitchen island passing the sink, refrigerator, and oven, then turn left and face the microwave in the corner of the room.
Turn around and approach the counter right of the sink
Put the potato in the microwave
Pick up the knife from the ground that is on the left.
Slice a potato in a sink with a knife.
Turn left and walk to the sink.
Take the knife on the sink.
Slice a vegetable from the fridge in the sink.
Turn right and walk over to the blue chair in the corner of the room.
turn right then turn right again and walk towards the desk then turn left and walk straight then turn right towards the desk
put the remote down on the blue chair
Pick up the remote from the right corner of the sofa, behind the cushion
Move the remote from the sofa to the chair
 walk over to the black chair closest to you on your left
Turn around and go to the small, round table to your right, between the couch and the chair.
Place the remote on the front, left corner of the chair.
Pick up the remote from the coffee table.
Put a remote on the chair. 
turn left and move over to the chair
Turn around and go to the side of the coffee table closest to the couch.
Put the remote control on the seat close to the back.
pick up the remote control from the bottom shelf of the TV stand
Place a remote control on a chair
Turn right and walk up to the left arm chair
Turn around completely, walk to the end of the coffee table, make a left, then turn to face the side of the coffee table.
Place the remote control down on the chair.
Pick up the remote from the left couch cushion. 
Move a remote from a couch to a chair. 
Walk to the chair to the right of the coffee table. 
Turn right, hang a right at the couch and turn left at the coffee table to face the couch.
Put the remote control on the left side of the chair near the edge.
Pick up the remote from the table
Move the remote from the table to a chair
Turn around and then turn left to face the brown chair.
go left towards the door then walk left to chair face left at the chair 
place remote on the table
Pick up the remote from the counter.
Move the remote to the coffee table.
Carry the remote to the coffee table in the middle of the room
Turn left, hang a left at the couch and walk to the square coffee table on the left.
Put the remote control on the right side of the dresser in front of the television.
Pick up the remote on the front, left corner of the table. 
Put the remote in front of the TV. 
Turn right and go to the cabinet the TV is on across from you. 
Turn around, walk straight to the door, turn right to face the desk.
Place the remote on the television stand next to the television.
Take the remote control near the lamp off of the table. 
To move the remote control near the television. 
Turn left and go to the TV.
Make a left to reach the TV console.
Put the remote on the ottoman.
Pick up the remote on the chair.
Place a remote on an ottoman.
Turn around and walk forward across the room to the ottoman by the armchair with the yellow pillow.
Move back then right then face the coffee table where the remote is on the table
Place the remote on the sofa behind the blue cushion
Pick up the remote from the table.
Put a remote on the couch.
Head over to the couch
Move to the round table in the back right corner of the room
Place the remote on top of the sofa on the right side
Pick up the remote off of the wooden dresser.
Move a remote to the couch.
Turn to the right and walk to the couch on the right
Turn left to face the coffee table
Place the remote on the right couch cushion to the left of the keys
Take the remote from the table
Take the remote from the table, put it on the couch
Carry the salt shaker to the white kitchen table
Turn left, walk towards the gold cup on the counter, and look at the cabinet above it.
Place the salt shaker to the left of the green sponge on the table.
Pick up the salt next to the coffee machine. 
Put salt on the table to the left of the knife. 
Turn right and walk around to the front of the metal shelving unit in the corner of the room.
Take several steps to the right to find the black bin on the floor.
Place the bar soap on the rack.
Pick the soap up from the counter.
Put soap in a drawer.
turn left to face sink drawers
turn left and move forward across the bathroom and turn left again to face the toilet
put the pink bar of soap in to the gray trash can that is to the right of the toilet
Pick up the bar of soap that is on the back of the counter. 
Move a bar of soap to the trash bin. 
Look downward, to the trash bin.
Move right then head to the middle of the counter between the sinks
Place the soap dispenser inside of the cupboard then shut the cupboard
pick up blue dispenser to the left of black rag on dresser
place blue dispenser in cabinet
turn right, walk forward, turn left to face sink
Turn right, walk to the wall, then turn right again to face the toilet.
Place the lotion bottle in the second bathroom cabinet from the left. 
Pick the bottle up from the counter in between the sinks.
Put a bottle in a cabinet.
Turn around and take a step forward then turn back around to face the vanity
Turn around, then walk to the counter on your right.
Place the bottle in the cabinet.
Pick up the bottle of soap from the counter.
Move a bottle of soap from a counter top to a metal cart.
walk to face metal shelves
turn right and walk towards the shower and turn right towards the counter then turn left then right again towards the mirror
put the spray bottle down on the shelf
Open the cabinet door on the left side under the sink on the right, pick up a bottle, close the door. 
To move a bottle from the cabinet to the counter. 
Turn around and head towards the shower then turn left and go to the wall then turn left and face the sink
Go to your left and face the toilet.
Put the soap dispenser next to the right sink on the counter between the two sinks, just behind the candle.
Pick up the middle soap bottle that is sitting on the back of the toilet
Place a bottle of soap on a counter
Move further back from the counter. 
Turn left and walk to the sink with the soap white soap bottle in front of the mirror.
Open the bottom drawer directly underneath the sink and place the soap bottle inside, then close the drawer.
Pick up the soap dispenser on the left corner of the sink. 
Put the soap dispenser in a drawer.
Turn right, move to the green bin at the end of the counter.
Move forward and face to the counter on the left.
Place the lotion in the trash can.
Pick up the soap bottle from the sink.
Put a bottle of soap in the trash.
Turn around and take a step, then turn back around and face the garbage bin to the left of the sink
Turn to your left and go to the outer most, back corner of the bath tub. 
Put the pump bottle inside the green garbage bin.
Pick up the soap bottle off of the counter.
Move a soap bottle into a green bin.
Turn around and walk across the room to the sink, then turn left and walk to the garbage can on the floor, at the end of the sink. 
Walk over to the toilet.
Place the dispenser in the trash can.
pick up soap dispenser that is on the sink
throw away a soap dispenser
turn around to back up a bit and then turn around to face the bathroom sinks again
Turn around and walk to the shower then turn left and walk to the white cabinet.
Put the soap dispenser in the garbage.
Pick up the soap dispenser from the counter.
Put a soap dispenser in the trash.
Turn around and face the red trash can on the floor.
Walk forward, then hang a right and walk over to the right side of the counter.
Put the bottle of lotion into the small red bin that is against the wall on your left.
Grab the spray bottle.
Place the bottle into the trash can.
Turn left and walk toward the wall.  Turn right at the wall and walk toward the trash can.
Turn around to face the white drawers to the right of the sink.
Place the soap in the trash can.
Grab a bottle from the dresser.
Throw away a bottle.
Turn around and walk to the wall, then turn to your tight and go to the garbage can across the room, in the left corner. 
Turn around an face the toilet
Put the bottle on the table
Pick up the soap dispenser from the back end of the toilet.
Move a soap dispenser to a side table. 
Turn around and face the black table on the other side of the room.
Turn around, go to wall, turn right to face counter.
Put pump bottle on back of toilet, to left of candle.
Pick up the soap dispenser from the counter.
Move the soap to the back of the toilet.
Walk to the right end of the counter. 
go to counter to the left of sink with toilet paper
place bottle on center of toilet tank
Open the cabinet under the left side of the left sink and grab the bottle of liquid soap under there then close the door.
Put liquid soap on the toilet.
Turn around, walk forward to the door, then turn right and walk to the toilet.
Turn left, walk towards the toilet, then turn right to face the bath tub.
Put the dispenser on top of the toilet tank.
Pick up the lotion bottle from the trash can.
Put a lotion bottle on the back of the toilet.
Walk across the room to the toilet.
Go left and stand in front of the double sinks.
Put the bottle on the back of the toilet.
Pick up the dispenser from the counter.
Put a dispenser on the back of the toilet.
Turn around, to the toilet
Turn around and then go to the left. Go to the left hand side of the bath tub.
Place the soap dispenser on the back end of the toilet.
take the bottle out of the garbage can
take the soap bottle out of the garbage and put it on the toilet 
Turn to the left and face the toilet.
Turn around and head towards the white counter with green drawers and several bottles on top.
Place the bottle with the black cap on the top left of the toilet tank to your left.
Pick up the soap dispenser to the left of another soap dispenser.
Place a soap dispenser on the back of the toilet.
Turn around and head left to the toilet.
Turn and go to the white cabinet that is to the right of the sink.
Place the bottle of lotion on the back of the toilet.  Place it to the right of the candle.
Take the soap bottle from the dresser.
Put soap on the back of the toilet. 
Turn around and walk over to the toilet
Take a step to your left and then walk to the counter that is in front of you
Place the spoon into the spoon
Pick up the spoon from the counter by the sink.
Move a spoon from the counter top to the sink basin.
Pick up the spoon next to the bowl
Turn around and go to the counter across from you that the toaster sits on. 
Place the spoon in the front of the inside of the sink. 
Pick up the spoon from the left side of the table.
Place a spoon in a sink.
Turn around and go to the sink on your right. 
Turn around completely, walk to the door, turn left and walk up to the green trash bin. 
Place the spray bottle inside the cabinet, to the left of the soap, and close the door. 
Pick up the spray bottle from the toilet
Put a spray bottle in the cupboard under the sink.
Take a step back from the vanity while carrying the spray bottle so you have room to open a cupboard.
turn around and walk towards the toilet
open the cabinet under the sink and put the spray bottle in
Pick up the purple spray bottle out of the red bin.
Move a purple spray bottle to the counter.
Turn around and walk left to reach the sinks.
Turn right and walk to the flush toilet
Put the cleaner on the counter between the sinks
Pick up the spray bottle from the toilet. 
Move the spray bottle from the toilet to next to the sink. 
Turn around, cross the room to the shower, and take a left to reach the sink.
Walk forward to the wall then turn right and walk to the toilet.
Put the spray bottle to the right of the paper towels.
Pick up the spray bottle from the back of the toilet.
Put a bottle on the counter.
Turn right and walk to the white dresser on the left.
Turn to your left and go to the toilet across from you. 
Place the white spray bottle in the right drawer under the sink. 
Pick up the white spray bottle from the left side of the toilet tank.
Place a spray bottle in a drawer.
Turn around, walk forward one step, turn around
Turn left and walk forward to the toilet.
Put the spray bottle in the garbage can.
Pick up the grey spray bottle on the right, front corner of the bathroom sink.
Put a spray bottle in the recycle bin. 
Move over to the plastic bin on the floor, to the right of the toilet. 
Turn around and walk to the right side of the toilet.
Place the spray bottle in the trash bin to the left of the toilet paper.
Pick the bottle up from the cabinet.
Put a bottle in a waste basket.
Turn around and go to the trash can.
Move towards the toilet by the toilet paper roll holder
Place the grey spray bottle inside of the trash bin
Pick up the spray bottle that is on the counter to the right of the toilet. 
Move a spray bottle to the trash bin.
Turn around and go to the door across the room, then turn right at the door and go to the garbage can in the corner of the room.
Move to the back left side of the sink counter where the spray bottle is
Place the spray bottle in the trash bin
Pick up the yellow spray bottle that is sitting on the back of the toilet
Place an empty spray bottle into a trash can
Turn right and walk forward, make a left to face the sink and the black trash can to the left of the sink
turn around, walk towards the door, turn right, walk to counter
put the spray bottle in the trash can
Pick up the yellow spray bottle from behind the soap.
Throw away the spray bottle.
Turn left and go to the trash can
Turn left and walk to the sink that is on the left
Place the spray bottle into the green trashcan that is sitting on the left of the toilet
Pick up the grey spray bottle on top of the counter top to the left
Move a spray bottle to the top of the toilet tank
Turn around and go to the toilet.
Turn to the right to face the left side of the bathroom counter top
Place the spray bottle on top of the toilet to the left of the brown tube
Pick up the purple spray bottle that's by the mirror.
Put a spray bottle on the toilet.
Turn around completely until you are facing the toilet once again.
turn around, walk to the counter
put the spray bottle on the back of the toilet
take the spray bottle from the back of the tub
take a spray bottle from the bathtub to the toilet
take the bottle to the toilet
turn right and walk toward the sinks, face the sinks
put the spray bottle on top of the toilet tank behind the pink soap
Open the bottom left cabinet and remove the green spray bottle from the cabinet
Move a spray bottle to the toilet tank
Carry the spray bottle to the back of the toilet tank
Turn left and walk to the white dresser.
Put the spray bottle on the right side of the toilet tank.
grab the spray bottle off of the bathroom sink
put a spray bottle on top of the toilet
Turn right and move past the sink, then turn right and move towards the toilet.
Turn around and walk to the small black table on the right.
Put the spray bottle on the toilet tank to the left of the bar of soap.
Pick up the green spray bottle that is inside the trash can
Place a spray bottle on the back of a toilet
turn around, walk to sink, turn right, walk to toilet
turn left, walk across room, turn right, walk to the counter
put spray bottle on back of toilet
Pick up the middle white spray bottle from the cabinet.
Move a white spray bottle to the toilet tank lid.
Turn around and move to the left side of the toilet to the left of the sink..
Turn left and head towards the door, half way there take a right and stand in front of the long white counter with the green drawers
Place the spray bottle on the back of the toilet behind the candle
Pick up the yellow spray bottle closest to the green rag, on the counter. 
Put a spray bottle on the back of the toilet. 
Turn right, walk to the end of the couch, hang a right, then another right to walk to the coffee table. 
Move straight across the room, then turn left. Face the desk on the left side.
Place the statue on the left side of the coffee table.
Pick up the black item with a leather texture on top and a square black base.
Pick up the item with a black base and put it near the couch.
Turn around, turn right, walk straight, turn left to face the small coffee table.
Go left and stand in front of the small table with a statue and a remote.
Put the statue on the table.
Pick up the figurine from the end table. 
Moving a figurine from an end table to a coffee table. 
Turn around and walk to the black round table.
walk to face bureau with tv 
put statue on table
Take the statue from below the TV.
Put a statue on a coffee table.
Turn right and go to the coffee table in front of the sofa.
Move forward then left and then right to be in front of the tv.
Place the figurine on the bottom right of the table.
Grab the statue on the table
Move the statue on the table to the coffee table
take the statue over to the coffee table
Turn to your left and walk to the coffee table to your right. 
Place the gold dog statue on the left corner of the table, closest to you. 
Pick up the dog figurine on top of the wooden desk.
Pick up the dog figurine on the wooden coffee table.
Turn around to walk to the coffee table.
Turn around and walk to the large wooden table on the right.
Place the statue on the right side of the coffee table to the right of the laptop computer.
pick up the statue that is on the window ledge
move statue from window to dresser
turn around and walk straight towards the bed then turn right then turn left then turn right towards the dresser
Make a right to face the wooden bookshelf.
Put the statue down on the dresser.
Pick up the statue off of the coffee table.
Move a statue to a side table. 
turn right, walk two steps, turn left, walk forward to the small table, hold statue up to lamp
Turn right, hang a right at the black couch ahead and walk to the coffee table on the right.
Put the statue on the lower right corner of the table.
Pick up the tennis racket to the left of the shopping bag from the floor.
Place a tennis racket on the bed.
Turn left and walk towards the wall,, turn left towards the bed on your left.
walk over to the tennis racket on the floor
place the tennis racket on top of the bed
pick up the tennis racket underneath the bed
pick up a tennis racket under the bed and put it on top of the bed
Move to the foot to the bed ahead of you
Turn and walk to your left, past the bed, then turn right and go to the head of the bed. 
Place the tennis racket on the bed, by the phone. 
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor.
Put a tennis racket on the bed.
walk to face left side of bed
Walk to the bed, then walk to the right of the bed into the corner with the tennis racket.
Place the racket on the bed to the right of the pink pillow.
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor.
Put the tennis racket on the desk.
Turn around and walk forward to the desk.
Turn around and cross the room to turn to the right and face the bed.
Put the racket on the dresser to the right of the computer.
Pick up the tennis racket under the bed.
Stand the tennis racket on the dresser.
turn to the right twice and take a step and turn to the left and go to the dresser
Turn right to face the wall.
Put the racket on the nightstand
Pick the racket up from off of the floor.
Put a racket on a night stand next to a bed.
Turn left and walk over to the bedside table, passing the desk. 
Turn around and go to the table.
Put the tissue box on the coffee table.
Grab the tissue box in the middle of the table
Move the tissue box from the dining table to the coffee table
Carry the tissues to the coffee table in front of the red sofa
Turn left to walk towards the bean bag. Make a right and then turn left to face the window, turning right again to go towards the chest of drawers.
Place the tissue box on top of the chest of drawers on the CD.
Open the bottom drawer on the right, grab the tissue box, close the drawer
Move the tissue box from the bottom right drawer to the dresser top
Bring the tissues to the top of the dresser. 
Move to the far right side of the counter that is to the right of the toilet
Place the tissues in the trash bin
pick up the paper box from the top of the cupboard
place a paper box in the trash can
turn around towards the bin
Turn right, proceed until reach chair on your right.  Turn right, proceed until coffee table in on your right.  Turn right to face table.
Place tissues diagonal on table to the left of the pen.
Pick up the box of tissues that are on the coffee table.
Move a box of tissues to a small table. 
Turn right, proceed to table at end of room.
Turn around and go to the small counter space between the sinks, to your left. 
Place the box of tissue on the back of the toilet, on the opposite side as the handle. 
Pick up the box of tissue near the back of the counter, between the two sinks. 
Put a box of tissue on the toilet. 
Turn around to walk across the room to the toilet.
Turn right and walk forward to the middle of the counter then turn left to face it.
Put the tissue box on top of the toilet between the candles and soap dispenser.
Pick up the empty  toilet paper roll from the sink counter. 
Put an empty toilet paper roll in a drawer. 
Turn to the right and walk up to the bathroom sink.
Turn to the right, and then the right again to face the sinks.
Open the top middle drawer and place the toilet paper in the drawer. Shut the drawer.
Grab the cardboard tube that is on top of the toilet
Throwing the cardboard tube in the trash
Turn around and walk to the green waste basket in the corner.
Turn left and walk toward the door, then turn right and walk towards the toilet dispenser and turn to face the toilet.
Put the toilet paper inside the trash bin.
Take the cardboard roll to the left of the soap bar from the top of the toilet cistern.
Place a cardboard roll into a rubbish bin.
Turn all the way around until you are in front of the toilet.
Move forward to the toilet paper holder
Place the toilet paper on the empty shelf. 
Pick up the toilet paper roll on the ground to the left of the toilet.
Pick up the toilet paper roll and put in on the counter with the yellow bottle.
turn around, walk slightly left and turn right to go to the toilet. 
Turn around, go to the sink and then turn left
Put the empty toilet paper roll on the lid of the toilet tank
grab the paper roll at the edge of the tub
move the paper roll from the tub to the toilet
Turn around towards the toilet.
Turn to the left, pick up the toilet paper tube
Put the toilet paper tube on top of the toilet
pick up the empty toilet paper roll that is on the table
move empty toilet paper roll from table to back of toilet
Turn to the right and step toward the toilet paper holder that is hanging on the wall
Walk slightly forward to the toilet
Put the toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder
Take the toilet paper roll from the shelf in front of you.
Place toilet paper on the holder.
Turn to the left and face the toilet paper holder on the wall.
Walk straight to the left edge of the sink.
Place the toilet paper on the holder.
Pick up the cardboard roll in front of the pink bar of soap on the top of the toilet cistern.
Place a cardboard roll on a toilet paper holder.
Walk to the toilet on the right and face the toilet paper dispenser on the wall to the left of the toilet. 
Turn right and walk over to the wall, then turn left and walk up to the tub.
Put the toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder that is on the wall to the left of the toilet.
Take out the empty toilet paper roll from the cupboard.
Take empty toilet paper roll from the cupboard and place on toilet paper holder.
Move to the toilet paper holder on the wall to the right of the toilet
Turn right and take a step to the toilet.
Put the tube on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the roll of toilet paper from the counter.
Move towards the bathroom sink
Set the empty toilet paper roll next to the plunger to the left of the toilet
grab the toilet paper roll roller off of the counter top
place the toilet paper roll roller in the toilet paper roll holder
Put the roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper holder.
pick up the tissue paper roll
place a tissue paper on the tissue paper stand 
Walk across the room to the toilet.
Move to the right side of the toilet
Place the empty roll on the toilet paper holder
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll.
Put the toilet paper roll on the holder.
Go to the toilet paper holder on the right side of the toilet.
Turn to the right and face the bath tub and look up.
Place the toilet paper on the toilet paper holder, to the left of the sink.
pick up toilet roll from sink counter
Turn right to the toilet
Put the paper roll on the hanger
Pick up the roll of toilet paper from the top of the toilet.
Place a full roll of toilet paper on an empty toilet paper holder.
Carry the roll and turn around. Turn to the left and and face the toilet.
Take a step forward, then turn left and walk over to the wall, turn left again to face the toilet.
Put the toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder.
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll that is sitting on the back of the toilet
Place an empty toilet paper roll on a toilet paper holder
Turn to the toilet paper dispenser, hanging from the wall, to your left.
Turn to the right and stand in front of the counter between the two sinks.
Put the roll on the toilet paper holder.
Take the cardboard roll from the stand.
Put a cardboard roll on a toilet paper roll holder.
Turn around and walk to the toilet and go to the toilet paper holder.
Turn right and walk to the black stand in front of you
Place the empty toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder
Take the empty toilet paper roll out of the garbage can.
Put an empty toilet paper roll on the toilet paper dispenser. 
Turn right, walk towards the toilet, turn left and face the toilet paper holder on the wall.
Move to the right corner of the room where the trash can is on the floor
Place the toilet paper on the roll holder
Pick up the empty toilet paper roll from the floor behind the toilet brush.
Turn right and walk to the toilet.
Put the roll of toilet paper on the empty toilet paper holder.
Pick up the toilet paper on the toilet. 
Put toilet paper on the holder. 
Turn right then left and go forward to the wall.
Turn left and walk forward and turn right to face the empty roll on the table.
Place the empty roll on the toilet paper holder on the wall.
pick up toilet paper roll from the back of the toilet
put toilet paper roll on the holder
turn left, head to the toilet
walk over to the toilet
put the toilet paper on the holder
Take the toilet roll out of the bin on the left.
Place an empty toilet paper roll on a toilet roll holder.
Turn left and walk to the toilet paper holder by the toilet.
Turn left, hang a left at the shower and walk to the left side of the white toilet ahead.
Put the roll of toilet paper on the metal holder on the wall.
Pick up the roll of toilet paper on the back of the toilet. 
Put a roll of toilet paper on the toilet paper dispenser. 
Look left.
turn to the right, walk and face the fridge
put the tomato on the white table in front of the loaf of bread
Pick up the tomato inside of  the black trash can
Move a tomato from the trash to the table
Turn to the left and take one step, then turn to the right. 
Go across the room and then turn left to the trash can.
Put the tomato in the microwave above the stove.
Pick up the tomato from the sink
Put the tomato in the microwave
Turn left to face the microwave.
Turn around, head around to the left, to the fridge on the left. 
Put the tomato in the mike.
Pick up the tomato located behind the knife on the counter.
Place a tomato on the plate on the right side of a potato in the microwave.
Turn right and walk to the microwave
go to the counter to your left where the dishwasher is below and the blue coffeemaker is on top
put the tomato in the microwave
Pick up the tomato from the counter.
Put a tomato in the microwave.
Turn around and face the counter to the left where the bread is.
Turn to your left and walk up to the kitchen sink. 
Place the tomato on the left side of the plate that is in the microwave and close the door. 
Pick up the knife on top of the counter to the right of the sink
Cut a tomato on the counter
Cut the top of the tomato off that is sitting on the counter and lay the yellow handled knife on its side.
Pick up the large metal knife with a golden handle off of the counter in front of the sink.
Walk to the counter on the right side of the fridge. 
Slice the bell pepper in the top part of the fridge. 
pick up the knife from the counter
get the knife from the counter then open and close the fridge door
Turn, cross the kitchen and at the fridge turn left and continue to the counter between the stove and sink.
Place the knife in the empty side of the sink.
Carry the slice of tomato to the fridge behind you.
Turn to the left, go to the counter across the room between the fridge and stove.
Cut the tomato into slices.
Turn around, go to the end of the white table where the tomato is.
Put the tomato on the table in front of the leftmost spoon.
Pick up the butter knife on the black table.
Slice a tomato on the black table.
Turn left and walk to the corner then turn right to face the black stand.
Turn right, walk up to the bar stool, then turn right again to walk up to the sink.
Slice the tomato that is closest to the wall on the microwave stand. 
Take the red tomato on the second shelf from the top from the refrigerator.
Turn around and go to the sink on the other side of the kitchen.
Cut the tomato on the table. 
Pick up the knife on the left side of the sink.
Take a step to the left to face the fridge.
Place the tomato on the left side of the table.
To put a cooled plus sliced tomato on the table to the right of the fridge.
Turn left and face the sink.
Turn around and walk to face the stove.
Cut the stalk off of the tomato on the right.
pick up the knife that is on the counter
Turn around to walk to the light brown shelf across the room.
Set the round gold object down on the coffee table.
pick up the vase in the middle of the entertainment center 
move vase from the entertainment center to the coffee table
Turn to the right, walk forward a few steps, then turn left to face the side of the coffee table.
Turn right and begin walking across the room, then hang a left and walk up to the black table the television is on.
Put the golden vase on the coffee table to the left of the cardboard box.
Pick up the glass vase from the TV stand.
Put the glass vase on the coffee table.
Bring the vase to the white safe on the ground. 
Turn around and go around the table and into the adjoining living room. Stop in front of the glass coffee table.
Put the blue vase into the safe.
Pick up the blue vase on the dining table. 
Put a blue vase in the safe on the floor. 
Turn left and walk to the small square table to the left of the dresser.
Turn around and go to the buffet, then turn right and go to the coffee table. 
Place the gold ornament on the end table. 
Pick up the clear grey vase on the end table
Move a vase to a different table
turn left, walk to the chair, turn left, walk to couch, turn left to face coffee table
Turn around, proceed past couch on right.  Turn right, then left to face tv stand.  Proceed to tv stand.
Place watch on glass table, directly under the tissue box.
open the drawer, take the watch out of the drawer, close the drawer
move watch from a drawer to the coffee table
Carry the watch to the black coffee table
Turn left and go to the black desk on your left.
Put the watch on the coffee table halfway between the red card and the cardboard box on the right.
pick up the watch from the shelf
move a watch from the shelf to the table
Turn right and walk forward, then hang a right and walk up to the coffee table.
take a few steps, turn right to face TV stand
put the watch on the coffee table
Pick up the watch that is sitting on the tv stand
Place a watch on a coffee table
Turn around and head to the coffee table on top of the rug
Turn to your right and go to the first end table to the right of the TV.
Place the watch on the left corner of the coffee table, closest to you.
Pick the watch up from the cabinet.
Put a watch on a table.
Turn around and walk past the end of the bed then turn left and walk across the room, then turn right and take two steps, then turn right and take two steps, then turn right for one step, then turn left and walk to the desk.
walk to the bed, turn left, walk forward, turn right, take a few steps, turn right between two beds, walk forward to the small table
put the watch on the desk
Pick up the watch from the television stand. 
Place a watch on a shelf. 
Turn to your left and go around to the front of the entertainment stand, so that you are now directly in front of the TV. 
Turn to the left, and turn right around the chairs. Face the TV on the left.
Place the watch in the center hole of the TV cabinet below the TV.
Pick up the middle watch off of the wooden table.
Move a watch to a small wooden table.
Turn left and walk to the chair across the room, then turn left and walk to the cabinets below the laptop on the television stand to the right.
Turn around, walk almost to the wall, then turn right and walk up to the windows. 
Place the watering can down on the table, in front of the laptop.
Pick up the watering can on the floor
Put the watering can on the center table
Turn around and walk to the wall, then turn around and veer right to the coffee table.
Walk across the room around the chair and coffee table to the couch with a cardboard box and a pillow on it, continue until you are facing the red pillow at the end of the couch.
Place the the watering can on the black desk opposite the side where the chair is pulled in.
Pick up the watering can from the floor.
Put a watering can on the black desk. 
Turn around, go toward the TV, then turn right, then go to the desk.
Turn left then cross the room turn left walk forward then turn right by the window
Put the watering can in front of the tv on the tv stand
Pick up the tea pot from the floor.
Put the tea pot on the dresser.
Turn around and walk out through the entrance to the other room, then hang a right to stand in front of the black dresser.
Look down at the bin that is to the right of the counter. 
Place the wine bottle between the salt and pepper shakers on the table.
Pick up the bottle from the waste basket.
Move the bottle from the waste basket to the white table.
turn around, walk to the side of the table
Move to the counter top to the left side of the oven
Place the wine bottle on the middle shelf
open the cabinet under the sink on the right, take the wine bottle out,close the cabinet
grab the wine bottle from the sink under the sink, put it on the shelf
