Pick up the alarm clock from the dresser.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and face the dresser on the right.
Hold the clock, and move a step to the left.
Pick up a clock and turn on the lamp.
Pick the clock up from the desk.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn to the left and move forward to the window ledge. 
Turn around completely and walk over to the small stand that is to the right of the door.
Examine a clock using the light of a lamp. 
Pick up the alarm clock from the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk forward to the door then turn right and walk to the brown table.
Adjust yourself so you can turn on the light that's on the table in front of you. 
Inspect a clock by lamp light.
Pick up the round container from the desk
Turn on the lamp that is on the desk
Turn right and take a step then take a step to your right then walk past the bed and turn right and walk to the dresser.
Turn around and walk past the bed then turn left and walk to the night stand.
Inspect a clock by lamp light.
Pick up the clock from the left side of the dresser.
Hold the clock and turn on the lamp that is on the left side of the desk.
go forward to the bed and turn to the left and go to the chair and turn to the right and go to the wall and turn to the left and go to the desk
turn to the right twice and take a step and turn to the right and go forward past the desk and turn to the right and take a step
Examine a clock by the light of a desk lamp
Pick up a clock from the desk
Turn on the light
Move to the right side of the wooden desk
Carry the clock over to the left side of the desk shelf
Turn on a light while holding a clock
Pick up the clock on the right.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left to face the wall, walk to the door on the right across the room, and turn right to reach the wooden desk.
Turn around, hang a left at the wall and walk to the small wooden dresser near the window.
Examine a clock by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the black clock in between the red card and the other black clock on the desk.
Turn on the small lamp on the right side of the dresser.
Turn left, walk forward to the rug, then turn left and walk across the room to the alarm clock on the desk.
Turn around, walk across the room to the chairs, then turn right and walk to the lamp on the small table.
Examine an alarm clock by the light of a table lamp.
Turn the lamp on
Walk to the table with a lamp on it, turn of the lamp, pick up the clock
Pick the clock up
Hold the clock and turn the light on
Move across the room to the wood desk where the clock is
Carry the clock while adjusting to face the lamp on top of the desk
Hold a clock while turning on a lamp
Pick up the clock on top of the left side of the desk
Turn on the desk lamp
Turn around and walk to the left side of the desk on the right.
Walk to the right side of the desk and stand in front of the lamp.
Examine an alarm clock by the light of a desk lamp.
grab the powerbank out of the drawer of the desk
turn the light on the desk
Go behind the chair near the desk ahead.
Turn around, go to the end of the table near phone and lamp.
Inspect a black object by a lit lamp.
Take the clock from the dresser.
Turn the lamp on the night stand on.
Turn around and walk to the wooden dresser on the right.
Turn around, head to the wall and walk to the small nightstand next to the bed on the right.
Examine a clock by the light of a small lamp.
Turn on the lamp that is on the small brown table.
Turn the lamp on and pick up a clock.
Pick up the brown and black object on the desk. 
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
turn around, take a couple steps, turn right, walk towards the desk
turn left, take one step, turn right to face desk in front of the lamp
examine alarm clock with a lamp
Pick up the clock on the left. 
Turn on the light on the desk. 
Walk forward to the white table.
Turn right, walk to the bed, turn right again, walk across the room, then turn left and walk forward to the desk.
Take the clock to the desk and turn on the lamp.
Pick up the box from the top shelf of the desk. 
Turn the lamp on the top shelf of the desk, to your right on.
Turn to the right, walk to the door, turn to the left, and walk to the desk.
Turn to the left and walk to the bedside table.
Turn on a lamp. 
Pick up the leftmost clock on top of the nightstand.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Go forward, before reaching the dresser turn right, go forward, turn left after passing the couch, go forward to the wall, turn right, go forward to the desk.
Take the clock from the desk.
Walk forward until the dresser is on your left then turn left and walk to the clock on the dresser.
Walk around the dresser to your left then stand looking down the length of the dresser with the wall on your left and the light in front of you.
Inspect a clock by lamp light.
pick up clock from bureau
turn on light on bureau top
turn around, walk forward, turn right, walk to dresser
turn left, take a step, turn right, turn right to face lamp
examine a clock with the lamp
pick up the clock that is on the dresser
turn the lamp on
Move to the wood dresser in the far right corner of the room
Carry the clock to the left side of the dresser where the lamp is
Carry a clock while turning on a lamp
pick up silver clock from desk
turn on lamp on desk
turn right, walk to the desk
take two steps to the left to face the lamp, hold the clock up
examine a clock with a lamp
Pick up the clock that is sitting on the nightstand. 
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the desk.
Turn around, move to the clock on the small table left of the bed.
Bring the clock to the left, to the lamp on the left side of the desk. 
Examine the clock in the light of the lamp on the desk. 
pick up the bat next to the desk
turn on the lamp on the desk
Turn around and stand by the desk.
Walk to the left side of the desk
Examine the baseball bat using the lamp light.
Pick up the baseball bat from the ground.
Turn on the lamp.
Go right and approach the bat on the floor by the wall.
Go right and approach the night stand with the green lamp.
Turn a light on with a bat in hand.
Pick up the bat from the ground. 
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
Turn towards the door then to the right to the bat in the corner.
Raise the bat then go right turning right at the desk. Walk towards the bed, turn left towards the lamp on the desk.
To turn on the lamp while holding the bat.
Pick up the bat from the corner
Turn on the lamp. 
Move to the basketball on the pet bed.
Bring the basketball to the lamp on the tall white dresser.
Examine the basketball in the light of the lamp. 
Pick up the basketball from the floor.
Turn on the lamp that is on the dresser.
Turn to your left and walk towards the dog bed.
Turn to your right, and walk towards the dresser.
Pick up a basketball, turn on a lamp.
Pick up the basketball that is on the floor, in front of the bed. 
Turn the lamp on while still holding the basketball. 
Turn around and walk to the wall, then turn right to face the bunk beds.
Turn right and walk to the end of the desk.
Look at a basketball in the light.
Pick up the basket ball from the floor.
Raise the ball up high into the air.
Move towards the empty box in the corner of the room
Carry the basketball to the lamp sitting on top of the dresser
Carry a basketball while turning on a lamp
Pick the basketball up on the ground
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and go to the wall, toward the baseball bat, then turn left.
Turn around and go toward the bed, then turn right at the desk with the lamp.
Examine a basketball in the light.
Pick up the basketball from the floor beside the desk
Turn on the lamp on the desk
turn around to the night stand
turn up to the top of the night stand 
grab the basketball on the floor, turn on the lamp
Pick up the ball on the floor
Turn on the lamp
Turn right to find a basketball beneath the desk.
Turn left towards the bed, walk to the edge of the bed, and then turn left towards the lamp on your right.
Examine a basketball next to the light of a lamp.
Take the basketball from underneath the edge of the table.
Turn on the lamp on the upper shelf of the desk. 
Look down at the end of the white table with the computer on it.
Go left towards the desk with the lamp on it.
Turn a lamp on with a basketball in hand.
Pick up the book from the nightstand.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Turn right and walk towards the brown side-table. 
Turn left and walk towards the brown cabinet.
Pick up the book from the bed and turn on the lamp on top of the cabinet. 
Pick the book up from the dresser.
Turn the lamp on.
turn left to face the bed
turn right to face the desk, hold book up to lamp
examine the book with the lamp
Pick up the text book from the desk.
Use a textbook to turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk over to the left side of the wooden desk
Look up toward the lamp on the left side of the desk
Examine the book under the light of the lamp
Pick up the book on the top shelf of the desk, to the left of the clock. 
Turn on the lamp on the top, left side of the desk. 
Turn right and walk forward then turn right again and walk to the desk, turning left to face it
Turn left and walk over to the lamp on the left side of the desk
Examine the book under the light of the lamp
Pick the book up that is closest to the edge of the bed.
Turn the lamp on.
Head forward to the bed in front of you
Turn to your right and walk to the night stand
Read a book by lamp light
Pick the book up from off of the bed.
Turn the lamp on that's on the nightstand.
turn to the left and face the desk
walk around the desk and face it from the left side
pick up a book and turn on a lamp
Pick up the Geometry book from the desk.
Turn on the lamp to look at the book in its light.
Walk forward to the desk and then make a right. Walk to the dresser and turn left to face it.
Turn to the left and walk forward to the other side table. Turn right to face it. 
Use a text book to turn on a lamp. 
pick up a book from the bed
turn on the lamp
turn around and face the bed on the side with the stuffed bear
go towards the wall with the black chairs, then turn right until you get to the night stand on the left side of the bed
Pick up a book and light the room to read
Pick up the book that is lying on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the table.
turn around, walk towards the chair, turn right, walk forward to the small table next to the bed
turn around, walk around to the other side of the table by the lamp
look at a book using a lamp
pick up the book from the desk
pull the chain on the lamp to turn it on
Turn to the right facing the bed with the book on top of it
Carry the book across from the bed to the desk lamp on top of the desk
Carry a book while turning on a lamp
Pick up a book from the bed
Turn on the lamp
Turn to your right, then left move forward the face the side of the bed on your left
Turn to your left then walk straight, then right on the end of the bed then head to the lamp on the left side of the bed
Examine the book by the light
Pick up the book on the end of the bed.
Turn the light on the table, in the left corner of the room, on.
Walk around the bed to the side where the teddy bear is.
Turn to face the lamp on the desk.
Look at a book by the light of a lamp.
Pick the book up from the bed.
Turn the lamp on.
turn around, walk towards bed, turn right, walk to the desk
hold the book up to the lamp
examine a book with the lamp
Pick up the book from the bed. 
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the bed.
Bring the book to the lamp on the table.
Examine the book by the light on the table. 
Pick up the book next to the phone from the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser next to the digital alarm clock.
Turn to the right and face the desk.
Pick the book up from the desk.
turn right and walk to the night stand. turn right and face the bed
turn around and walk towards the wall. turn right and face the desk
pick up the book and look at it under the light
Pick up the book that is on the other side of the bed, the book that says Sherlock Holmes
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the left side of the desk
turn left then walk straight then turn left again and walk to the wall then turn right towards the desk
turn around and walk straight a tiny bit then turn left and walk towards the dresser then turn left towards the window then turn right towards the dresser and look up
pick up a bowl and view it in the lamp light on the dresser
Pick up the bowl that's in front of you on the desk.
Turn on the lamp that's on the white dresser.
Turn around and walk to the wall then turn right.
Turn right and walk to the small night stand then take a step right so you're standing in front of the light.
Inspect a bowl by lamplight.
Pick up the bowl from the desk.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and face the table with the computer.
Turn around and face the table with the lamp with the green shade.
Turn a lamp on with a vase in hand.
Pick up the bowl which is on the top shelf of the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the right facing the left side of the desk
Carry the brown plate upward to the top shelf of the desk where the lamp is
Carry a brown plate while turning on a lamp
Pick the bowl up from the desk.
Turn the lamp on.
turn to the right and take a step and turn to the right and take a step and turn to the left and go to the wall and turn to the right and go to the desk
turn to the right twice and take a few steps and turn to the left and go to the nightstand 
Examine a glass bowl by the light of a nightstand lamp
Pick up the clear bowl that is next to another clear bowl.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Turn left move forward, then turn right to go to the small desk.
Look up to view the lamp on the small desk.
Examine a bowl in the light of a lamp.
Pick up the clear square bowl that is on the left.
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the table
Turn left and walk forward, turning left again and approaching the wooden desk
Turn left and walk to the lamp just left of the desk
Examine the bowl under light from the lamp
Pick up the closest wooden bowl off of the wooden desk.
Turn on the light of the small lamp.
Take a step to your right then walk to the desk where the phones sit.
Take a step to your right.
Inspect a bowl by lamp light.
pick up the bowl
turn on the bed lamp
Turn left and walk to the left side of the desk.
Turn right and walk to the night stand to the right of the bed.
Examine a bowl by the light of a night stand lamp.
Pick up the square bowl that is sitting on the desk
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the night stand
Move to the brown night stand to the left of the bed
Face the green lamp on top of the night stand 
Pick up a bowl while turning on a lamp
Pick up the cup that is in the back from the dresser
turn the lamp on that is on the dresser
Move forward and turn right to face the desk.
Turn left and turn back to the right to face the lamp.
Turn on the lamp on the desk while holding the bowl.
Grab the box on the sofa
turn on the lamp on the table
Turn around and head left, then right past the tan couch then pass the fire place and turn right towards the tan table with a brown box on it.
Turn around and go left straight toward the brown side table next to the white chair. 
Pick up the box and turn the lamp on that is on the brown side table.
Pick up the cardboard box that is on the table.
Turn on the lamp that is on the table.
Walk forward past the corner of the couch then turn right and walk to the coffee table then turn right to face the couch.
Turn around and walk to the TV then turn left and walk to the table in the corner.
Look at a box under the light of a lamp.
Pick up the brown box in between the two brown end tables. 
Turn the lamp on bright. 
Turn left, go into the other room, to the black couch to the right. 
Turn around, bring the box back into the other room, then to the lamp on the table to the left.
Examine a box in the light of the lamp on the table. 
Pick up the box between the two black stands.
Turn on the lamp sitting on the black stand to the right of the bean bag.
Turn right, go to shelves on left.  Turn left to face shelves.
Turn around, go to table across room with lamp on it.
Pick up box from shelves, turn on table lamp.
Pick up the box on the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp on the small white table.
Turn right and then right again to face the table with the box on it.
Go right and face the white table to the right of the couch with a lamp on it.
Pick a box up and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the box on the floor.
Turn on the desk lamp.
Turn around to face the wall.
Turn around and walk across the room to the night stand.
Inspect a box by lamp light
Pick up the box from the floor.
Turn on the small lamp.
Turn around and walk to the open box.
Walk to the table lamp in front of you.
Examine an open, empty box by the light of a table lamp.
Pick up the box from the floor.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Looks downward slightly, moves to the table next to the bed.
Turns slightly left, then right and proceeds forward back to the bedside table.
Walk by a bed, pick up an empty box, turn on a light.
Grab the cardboard box off of the ground
Turn on the lamp on the desk
walk to face box on floor to the left of bureau 
turn around, walk to face desk
turn on desk lamp with box in hand
Pick up the cardboard box on the floor, to the left of the dresser. 
Turn on the lamp in the back, right corner of the desk. 
walk to face right side of desk
turn slightly right, continue to face the desk
turn on a desk lamp with a box in hand
Pick up the box under the desk top on the floor
Turn on the lamp
go to the desk
take the box to the lamp on the right side of the desk
get an empty box from under the desk and look at it with the lamp on.
grab the box off of the floor there
turn on the lamp there
walk to face room corner with teddy bear and box
walk to night table on left side of bed
turn on a night table lamp while holding a box
Pick up the cardboard box that is sitting on the floor.
Turn on the lamp that is on the nightstand. 
Walk across the room to the dining table.
Turn right, walk across the room then turn right when at the lamp.
Examine a cardboard box in the dark.
Pick up the cardboard box to the rear of the credit card and to the right of the laptop from the table.
Turn off the floor lamp.
Turn to the right and face the open box.
Go left and then left again to face the lamp in the corner.
Pick up a box and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the cardboard box from the shelf
Turn on the floor lamp
turn to the left twice and go to the end of the hall and turn to the left and take a step and turn right and take a few steps and turn right facing the shelf case
turn to the left and go to the front of the waste basket and turn left and take a step and turn to the right and take a step and turn left and go to the floor lamp
Examine a box by the light of a floor lamp
Pick up the box from the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Go across the room to the coffee table.
Go to the lamp to the right of the door.
Inspect a box in the light of the floor lamp.
Take the box from under the table.
Turn on the lamp.
turn left, go towards the couch, turn right, go forward along the couch until the box, and turn to face the empty box
turn right, head towards the television, turn right at the television, head to the lamp in the corner
Examine an empty box by the light of a floor lamp
Pick up the candle that is sitting on the table
Turn on the lamp
go forward to the chair and turn right and go forward to the end of the coffee table and turn left and go forward to the sofa and turn left and go forward to the TV stand
turn right and go forward to the chair and turn left and take a step and turn right and look up to the lamp
Turn on the lamp
Pick up the candle on the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around, walk towards the window and turn left towards the small table
Turn around and walk towards the tall standing lamp.
Turn on the standing lamp with the candle.
Pick up the candle on the table.
Turn on the lamp and investigate the candle.
Turn right and walk forward to the dining table past the chairs.
Turn around, walk past the chairs to the floor lamp to the left of the TV.
Examine a candle by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the CD from the desk
Turn on the table lamp on the dresser
Turn around and walk across the room. 
Turn to the right and move to the lamp on the table. 
Look at the CD in the light. 
Pick up a Cd from the desk
Turn on the lamp
turn to the left and take a step and turn to the left and take a few steps and and turn to the right and take a few steps and turn to the left and go to the desk
turn to the left twice and take a step and turn to the right and take a few steps and turn to the right and go to the end of the desk
Examine a CD by the light of a desk light
Pick up the CD on top of the desk
Turn on the lamp on the top shelf of the desk
Move to the night stand to the right of the bed where the CD is
Carry the CD to the right of the night stand where the lamp is
Carry a CD while turning on the lamp
Pick up the CD near the window.
Turn on the lamp.
turn right, walk to table
move to face the lamp, hold cd up
examine cd with a lamp
Pick up the CD on the windowsill.
Turn on the desk lamp.
Turn right, walk to the night stand, turn left, walk to the table
Turn left and turn left, walk to the AC
Grab the disc on the table, turn on the lamp on the table
pick up the bottom most CD from the desk
turn the light on at the desk
Turn left and move to the desk in the corner of the room. 
Turn left and move towards the window then turn right and face the desk that has a lamp.
Examine a CD using the light from a desk lamp.
Turn on the lamp.
Pick up the CD behind the clock. 
Take the CD from the desk.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Move to face the right side of the TV stand where the CD is
Carry the CD over to the wooden desk where the desk lamp is
Carry a CD while turning on a lamp
Pick up the CD closest to you.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the night stand to the right of the head board of the bed
Carry the CD over to the right side of the wood desk top where the lamp is
Move a CD while turning on a lamp
Pick up the cd you see on the dresser.
Turn on the light.
walk to the wall , turn right, walk to the night stand
grab the disc on the right
Turn around and turn to the right to face the dresser.
Turn around and cross the room and turn right to face the night stand on the left side of the bed.
Turn a lamp on while holding a disc.
Turn right and turn on the lamp.
Pick up a CD with the light of a lamp.
Pick up the leftmost disc off of the dresser.
Turn on the light of the small lamp on the end of the dresser.
Turn around and walk to the white dresser.
Turn left and walk to the side of the dresser on the right with the lamp.
Examine a silver disc by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the CD that is on the bench.
While holding the CD turn the light on that is on the desk.
Walk to the large white table.
Carrying the CD, turn around and walk to the desk next to the bed.
With the CD in hand, turn on the lamp on the desk.
Pick up the CD on the desk. 
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
Go right and then turn to the left to face the end of the desk.
Go left and then left again to stand in front of the night stand to the right of the bed.
Pick up a disc and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the disk on the nightstand.
Turn on the lamp on the nightstand.
Turn around and walk to the CD next to the lamp on the dresser.
Walk to the left side of the dresser and look at the lamp.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser while carrying a CD.
Pick up the CD that is to the right of the lamp; The one behind the 2 black coffee mugs
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on top of the dresser
Look down at the trash can in the corner.
Take the disc and turn left, then left again to find the dresser.
Hold a disc and turn on a lamp.
Pick up the disc from the right side of the dresser.
Hold the disc and turn on the lamp.
go the left side of the desk
take the disk to the lamp
look at the disk under the lamp
Pick the disc up from in front of the lamp on the dresser.
Turn the lamp on the dresser on.
Walk to the corner of the desk closest to the bed.
Move to the other end of the desk.
Look at a CD by lamp light.
Pick the CD up out of the trash can.
Turn the lamp on that is located next to the wall.
Move a few feet left then turn right and walk to the green trash bin on the floor
Turn right and walk forward to the left side of the wooden desk
Examine the CD under the light of the small lamp
grab the phone off of the desk
turn on the lamp on the top right corner of the desk
Turn around and walk towards the the desk.
Take a step to the right.
Examine a phone next to the light of a lamp  on the desk.
pick up the phone that is on the table
turn lamp on, hold phone up to the light from the lamp
Turn right, turn right to face the chair to the right of the door. 
Move to the left side of the desk to the right. 
Pick up a cell phone and turn on the lamp. 
Pick up the cell phone that is sitting on the chair. 
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the desk.
Make a right and walk across the room to the desk next to the floral couch.
Turn to face the desk.
Pick up a smartphone, turn on a lamp.
Pick up the cell phone that is on the second shelf of the desk. 
Turn on the lamp on the second shelf of the desk.
Go to the right and then left to stand in front of the computer on the bed.
Turn to the right and face the lamp on the desk.
Pick up a phone and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the phone on the wooden desk next to the blue bed.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Move across the room to the wood coffee table
Carry the phone to the lamp in the corner of the room
Turn on a lamp while carrying a phone
Pick up the phone off of the foot stool.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
Turn around and walk forward and around to the far side of the coffee table, turning back to face it
Walk around the left side of the coffee table and the chairs, turning left again to walk around behind them to the floor lamp
Examine the cell phone under the light of the floor lamp
Pick up the cell phone on the table. 
Turn on the lamp.
Go right and then right again to face the back of the chair.
Go right and then left to cross the room and face the floor lamp.
Pick up a phone and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the phone from the table. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn around, walk to the door, turn left, walk to the corner, facing the tv cabinet
Turn left, walk to the corner with floor lamp
Grab the phone on the TV cabinet, turn on the floor lamp in the corner
Pick up the cell phone from the TV stand
Turn on the floor lamp
Move across the room to the left side of the large tan sofa
Carry the phone to the large floor lamp by the window
Carry a phone while turning on a lamp
Pick up the phone sitting on the coffee table
Turn on the lamp
Turn left and walk past the coffee table to the small side table by the white chair
Turn left and walk ahead to the floor lamp by the window
Look at the cell phone under the light of the floor lamp
Pick up the phone on the dresser.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around then head into the room to your right then turn right and go to the left side of the dresser.  
Turn to your right then head towards the desk before turning left, then turn right and go to the lamp by the window. 
Turn on the lamp while holding a cell phone.
Pick up the cloth from the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
turn around, walk towards the wall
turn to the right, walk forward, turn right, walk forward to the desk, hold the towel up
examine a towel with a lamp
Pick up the white rag on the ground. 
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
Turn to the left and face the dresser.
Turn around and go to the leftmost desk.
Look at a cloth by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the green cloth on the floor.
Turn on the light.
Move to the window.
Move over to the small table left of the bed. 
Turn on the table light. 
Pick up the green cloth from the floor
Turn on the table lamp on the night stand
Turn around to the drawer.
Turn around to the dresser next to the bed.
Turn on the lamp while holding the credit  card.
Pick up the credit card under the pen on the desk. . 
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
Walk forward and right to the desk by the window
Turn right and approach the right side of the same desk
Examine the credit card under light of the lamp
Pick up the credit card between the black mug and the blue smartphone from the dresser.
Turn on the table lamp on the dresser between the CD and the pen.
Turn to the left
Take the blue bank card from the dresser
Pick up the blue bank card, turn on the lamp
Pick up the credit card to the left of the other credit card.
Turn on the lamp.
look down and turn left then walk straight towards the stairs and turn left and walk straight towards the chair and turn right and walk straight towards the couch and turn right
turn right then walk straight towards the chair then turn left and walk straight then turn right again and walk straight to the wall and turn right and walk to the lamp and look up
Pick up a credit card and view it in the light of the lamp
Pick up the credit card from the coffee table.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Move back then turn left facing the purple chair with the credit card on it
Carry the credit card over to the floor lamp in the corner of the room
Carry a credit card while turning on a lamp
grab the credit card off of the couch there
turn on the lamp there
go to the coffee table
take the card to the lamp
look at the credit card under the lamp light
Pick up the credit card from the TV console.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Go left and then left again to stand in front of the chair with the credit card on it.
Go to the left and then the right and left again to stand in front of the lamp near the wall.
Pick up a credit card and turn a lamp off.
Pick up the red credit card on the small round table.
Turn the tall lamp off next to the little round table off.
Turn to the left, walk to the end of the red chair, then turn left, walk a few steps, then turn left to face the kitchen table.
Turn around completely, walk to the wall, then turn right and walk up to the floor lamp.
Turn off the floor lamp while holding a credit card.
Pick up the credit card on the top of the shelves, next to the bowl.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around, then right and face the black couch on your left.
Turn right, then right again around the center table, then left and head to the green lamp in front of you.
Grab your credit card while turning on a lamp.
Pick up the red credit card from the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Look down at the table in front of you.
Turn to the right to go towards the chair and then look left. Look straight ahead and go towards the table and lamp. Lift the card up to the lamp shade.
Pick up a credit card to hold up to the light while turning it on.
Take the credit card from the foot stool.
Turn the lamp on that is on the right of the stand.
Walk around the couch to the chair left of the piano.
Turn left and approach the floor lamp by the sofa. 
Examine the credit card by light of the floor lamp.
pick up the red credit card on the coffee table
turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the long brown dresser that's along the wall
Take a step over to the right so you are in front of the lamp
Examine a debit card under a tall lamp
Pick the credit card up from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Head over and face the couch on the right. 
Bring the credit card to the tall lamp on the left side of the couch.
Examine a credit card by the light of the tall lamp on the ground. 
Pick up the credit card on the entertainment center, in front of the TV.
Turn on the lamp.
Go right and then right again and turn to the left to face the striped couch.
Move to the left and face the lamp in the counter.
Pick up a credit card and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the credit card. 
Use the credit card to turn on the lamp.
Turn around and turn right to the table.
Turn left and go to the lamp.
Examine a credit card with the lamp light.
Pick up the credit card that is on top of the shelf to the right of the cardboard box.
Turn the lamp on.
Walk forward to the end of the shelf then turn left and walk to the black and green chair.
Turn right and walk to the black table then turn left and look up at the lamp.
Look at a credit card under the light of a lamp.
Pick up the left blue credit card from the chair.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn right, cross the room and walk to the wooden coffee table on the right.
Turn left, hang a right at the chairs and walk to the tall lamp in the corner to the left.
Examine a credit card by the light of a tall lamp.
pick up the credit card from the chair
turn on the lamp
Walk forward just past the coffee table, then turn left and walk to the red sofa.
Turn left and walk forward to the tall lamp in the corner by the red armchair.
Examine a credit card by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the blue credit card to the right of the tissue box on top of the table
Turn on the lamp
turn to the right, walk towards the chair
turn around, walk towards the lamp, hold the credit card up to the lamp
examine a credit card with a lamp
Pick up the credit card from the low shelf.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Head forward, take a left at the couch, then take right to face the couch
Turn right and head to the TV stand, at the TV stand take a left and walk to the tall floor lamp, turn to face the lamp
Examine a credit card under a lamp
Pick up the credit card, on the TV stand, under the TV. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Move to the chan chair on the far left with the red credit card on top of it
Carry the red credit card to the floor lamp in the corner of the room
Move a credit card while turning on a lamp
Pick up the credit card behind the plant that is on the table. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and walk to the small wooden table near the chair across the room.
Turn around, hang a right at the coffee table and walk to the tall lamp in the corner to the right.
Examine a credit card by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the credit card in front of the TV.
Turn on the lamp.
Take two steps forward then turn right and walk to the coffee table, then turn right to face the table. 
Turn to the right and take two steps, then turn to the left and walk across the room to the lamp. 
To look at the credit card in the light. 
Grab the blue credit card that is on the table
Place the credit card behind the blinds onto the window
walk to face white table
walk to face floor lamp
turn on floor lamp with credit card in hand
Pick up the credit card on the coffee table next to the remote. 
Turn on the lamp 
Turn around then turn right Turn right again to face the couch.
Step to the left and turn to face the lamp.
Turn on a lamp with a credit card. 
Pick up the credit card on the chair. 
Turn on the tall lamp.
Walk around the kitchen table to the far side of the room to reach the long white couch.
Turn and walk to the corner to the tall lamp.
Look at a credit card under a lit tall lamp.
pick up the credit card on the table
turn the lamp light on
Turn around and walk to the white pillar in front of you then turn right and walk to the brown chair in the left corner of the room in front of you.
Turn right and take a step then turn right and walk to the small black table with a statue on it then turn right and walk to the window then turn left to face the light.
Inspect a credit card by lamp light.
pick up the credit card from the couch
turn the lamp on to examine the credit card
Turn to the left and take one step, then turn to the left and take two steps, then turn to the right and walk across the room, then turn left and look down.
Look up then turn to the left and walk across the room, then turn right and walk across the room, then turn left and look up.
Use the lamp to look at the credit card. 
Pick up the blue with green credit card from the chair.
Turn on the tall lamp.
turn left then turn right towards the couch then turn left towards the couch and look down
turn left then walk straight towards the window and turn right towards the lamp
pick up a credit card and view it in the lamp light
Pick the credit card up from the white shelf below the computer.
Turn the lamp on.
Move forward, turn left at the wall, go to the other end of the room, turn right at the credit card on the shelf on the right.
Turn around, go past the couch, to the lamp in the right corner.
Examine a credit card by the light of the lamp. 
Pick the credit card up from the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around, hang a left at the end of the couch, and turn left to face the side of the wooden coffee table.
Turn left, hang a right at the couch, turn left at the wall and walk to the tall lamp in the corner ahead.
Examine a credit card by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the credit card on the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp next to the plant in the red container.
Walk forward until you are past the bed on your right then when you are turn right and walk to the black chair then turn right and walk to the lamp then turn right to face it.
Pick up the keys that are on the table under the pen.
walk across the room to the chair, turn right, walk to wall, turn right to face lamp
pick up the keys that are on the table
walk across room to the wall, turn right to face lamp
pick up the keys that are on the table
Go forward and take a right at the shelves and take a left when you get to the bed then go forward and take a right at the desk and go to the dresser.
Take a left and go forward to the end of the dresser and face the dresser.
To get keys off the dresser and turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Take the keys next to the lamp on the dresser.
Turn the lamp on that is on the dresser.
Go straight then to the right to face the end of the tv stand.
Turn around and go straight to face the lamp in the corner.
Turn the lamp on while holding the keys.
Pick up the keys from the front edge of the couch. 
Turn on the lamp. 
walk forward, turn left, take a few steps, turn right to face TV stand
turn left, walk across to wall, turn right, walk to lamp in the corner, hold keys up
examine the keys with the lamp
Pick up the keys from the short side of the coffee table.
Hold the keys and turn on the lamp.
Turn left and head towards The blue chair in front of the blue ottoman with the newspaper on top of it.
Turn left and then right to go behind the blue chair towards the tall lamp.
Pick up the keys and then turn the lamp on behind the blue chair.
Pick up the keys sitting on the glass coffee table.
Turn on the tall lamp.
walk to face shelves in living room
walk over to lamp next to tv set
turn on living room lamp with keys in hand
Pick up the keys on the glass table.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn around and walk forward to the key chain on the small black table.
Walk slightly to the left and turn right to face the tall lamp.
Examine a key chain by the dim natural light of a living room.
Pick up the keys next to the lamp.
Turn the power off of the lamp.
Turn right, head over to the middle of the blue couch with the computer on it.
Go to the lamp on the left side of the couch.
Look at keys in the light of a lamp. 
Pick up the keys that are sitting on the bookshelf in from of the hand
Turn on the lamp
turn around, walk forward, turn left to face coffee table
turn right, walk forward, turn right, walk forward to the lamp, hold keys up
examine keys with a lamp
Pick up the keys sitting on top of the TV stand
Turn on the lamp
Walk forward to the chair containing a key chain and a remote control.
Walk around the chair to the front of the floor lamp next to the recycling bin.
Examine a key chain by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the keys from the ottoman.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn around and move to the small black table along the wall.
Hold the keys and take a step to the right.
Hold a set of keys and turn on a lamp.
grab the keys out from the pull out drawers of the desk there
turn on the lamp against the wall
Move across the room to the large grey sofa facing the keys
Carry the keys to the large floor lamp to the left of the dog bed
Turn on a lamp while holding keys
Pick up the keys that sit on the footstool.
Leave the keys on the light switch on the side of the light, turning on the light when you do this.
Turn left, walk around the sofa to the computer
Turn left, walk to the corner with a floor lamp
Grab the key chain from the sofa, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the key chain on the left.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around completely, walk up to the shelving that is up against the wall, then turn right, then left to face the shelving.  
Turn to the right and move over to the floor lamp.
Examine a set of keys using the light of a floor lamp.
Open the drawer that's on the end table and pick up the keys that are inside then close the drawer
Turn on the lamp
Turn right walk into the other room 
Pick up the key chain on the right
take key chain to lamp, turn on lamp 
Pick up keys from far right couch cushion
Turn on the lamp
Turn left to take a step towards the wall and then go to the right. Stand in front of the chair.
Turn right and walk past the chairs and turn left to look at the wall. Walk straight ahead and make a right. Walk straight and raise the keys up to the lamp shade.
To pick up the key chain to look at under the lamp.
Pick up the keys on the chair.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk ahead to the sofa. 
Turn around and walk to the lamp.
Examine keys using lamp light.
Pick up the keys on top of the sofa
Turn on the lamp
Walk ahead and the turn left at the couch. Go ahead to the white dresser.
Turn around and walk straight past the couch to the lamp.
Look at keys by the illumination of a lamp.
take the right set of keys from the table
turn on the floor lamp
Turn left at the yellow chair, hang a left at the windows and walk to the gray couch on the right.
Turn left and walk to the tall lamp next to the couch on the right.
Examine a set of keys by the light of a tall lamp.
pick up the keys on the table on the left side
turn the lamp light on
Walk over to the couch.
Walk over to the lamp.
Grab the keys and turn the lamp on.
Pick up the keys from the TV stand.
Turn the lamp on.
Go left and then left again to face the chair in the corner with the computer and keys on it.
Turn around and go right to cross the room and stand in front of the lamp in the corner.
Pick up keys and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the keys next to the smartphone.
Turn on the lamp.
walk straight towards the door then turn left towards the table
turn around and walk straight a bit then turn right and walk straight towards the window and turn right towards the lamp
pick up keys and view them in the lamp light
Pick up the set of keys from the couch.
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the end table between the couch and green chair.
Turn left and walk to the window, then turn right and look up at the lamp.
Look at a set of keys under the light of a lamp.
Pick up the keys on the small, black shelf built into the wall. 
Turn on the lamp in the left corner of the living room. 
turn right, walk past the couch, turn left, walk past couch, turn left, walk to small round table
turn around, walk to the table, turn right, walk past couch, turn right, walk across the room to the lamp, hold the keys up
examine keys with a lamp
Pick up the set of keys that are on the far right side of the couch.
Turn on the floor lamp.
Turn around and go to the round table.
Turn around and go to the lamp by the window.
Get the keys from the round table. 
Pick up the keys from the table. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk to the door you can see behind the table then turn right and walk to the table.
Turn around and walk until you're about two feet from the green garbage and turn left and walk to the red couch and turn right to walk to the red wall then turn left and walk to the lamp.
Turn on a lamp as you hold keys.
Pick up the laptop from the sofa.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to your left and walk up to the left hand side of the sofa where the laptop is sitting. 
Move to the small table that is to the left of the sofa. 
Inspect a laptop by the light of the lamp. 
Pick up the laptop sitting on top of the sofa
Turn on the lamp
Move to the foot of the bed
Carry the laptop to the right side of the white dresser
Carry a laptop while turning on a light
Close the laptop and pick it up from the bed.
Turn the lamp on that is on top of the dresser.
Go straight ahead, and then turn right and right again to face the end of the bed.
Hold the laptop and turn to the left, to face the tall dresser.
Hold a laptop and turn on the lamp.
Close the left laptop to the right of the pillow and pick it up.
Turn on lamp on the left side of the desk.
turn left, take a step, turn right, take a few steps, turn right to face bed
turn right, walk forward, turn left, walk to window, turn right to face desk
examine a computer with a lamp
close the computer that is on the bed, pick computer up
turn the lamp on
Move across the room to stand at the foot of the bed. 
Carry the laptop to the table with the lamp to the left of the bed.
Carry the laptop to turn on the lamp on a table. 
Pick up the computer from the bed
Turn on the lamp
turn right towards the bed
turn left and locate the standing lamp
pick up the laptop then turn on the lamp
Close the lid on the laptop computer and pick it up from the dresser.
Turn on the small lamp on the nightstand.
Turn left and walk to the laptop on the dresser in front of you.
Turn around and walk to the wall then turn right and walk to the small night stand.
Inspect a laptop by lamp light.
Close and pick up the laptop on the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the nightstand.
turn right, walk towards the door, turn left to face the bed
turn around, walk towards mirror, turn right to face the lamp
examine the computer with the lamp
Close the computer and pick the computer up from the bed.
Turn the lamp on.
turn to the right and go forward past clear the bed and turn to the left and go to the middle of the bed and turn to the left facing the bed
turn to the right twice and take a step and turn to the left and go to the lamp
Examine a notebook computer by the light of a lamp
pick up the computer from the bed
turn on the lamp while holding the computer
Move to the right hand side of the bed next to the teddy bear and laptop
Carry the laptop over to the night stand to the right facing the lamp on top of the night stand
Carry a laptop while turning on a lamp
Close the laptop, pick it up off from the bed
Turn on the lamp on the counter
Turn left, go toward the door, then turn left, go forward, then turn left to face the bed.
Turn left, go forward, then turn right and approach the lamp on the dresser.
Look at computer in lamp light.
pick up the computer from the desk
turn on the lamp
Move to the desk on the other side of the coffee table
Move to the lamp to the left of the desk
Inspect a laptop with a tall lamp.
Pick up the laptop to the right of the statue
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the laptop on the red sofa.
Turn around and walk to the front of the floor lamp to the left of the sofa.
Examine a laptop by the dim light of a living room.
Grab the computer on the sofa
Turn off the floor lamp by the sofa
Turn left, step forward, then turn around and look down at the coffee table.
Turn right, go to the wall, then turn right and go to the lamp ahead.
Look at a computer by lamp light.
Close the lap top and take it from the table.
Turn the lamp in the corner on.
Turn left and take three steps, then turn right and take three steps, then turn right to face the couch. 
Turn to the left and walk across the room, then turn to the right. 
To look at the laptop in the light. 
grab the computer on the table
turn on the floor lamp
Go straight then turn left when you get to the wall, then turn right and walk around the coffee table to the couch. 
Turn around then to right and head toward the chairs, then turn left at the chairs. 
Turn on a lamp while holding a laptop.
Close the laptop on the couch and then pick it up. 
Turn on the lamp to the left of the painting.
Turn around and go to the shelves beneath the television. 
Turn around and go to the lamp next to the couch. 
View a computer by lamp light. 
Pick up the laptop from the sofa
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn left and head to the tall white dresser, face the right side of the dresser
Turn left and walk to the wall then turn right and face the dresser, the left side of the dresser 
Look at a mug under a lamp
pick up a cup from the dresser
turn on the lamp
Turn right and move all the way to the wall, then turn left to the desk, then move all the way to the desk and stop.
Turn left, move forward and stop just before the rug, turn right, move all the way to the wall, turn right and move to the desk.
Turn on the lamp on the desk while holding the mug.
turn on the lamp on the desk
Examine a mug by the light of a desk lamp
Pick up the black mug on the desk
Turn on the lamp
Turn right, walk to the sofa, turn left, walk to the newspaper on the right
Turn right, walk across the room to the corner with an end table
Grab the newspaper on the sofa, turn on the lamp in the corner
Pick up the newsletter on the sofa.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around the locate the computers on the low table.
Take the newspaper and turn right, and then left to the small table in the corner of the room.
Take the newspaper and turn on the light.
Pick up the newspaper from the table.
Turn on the lamp that is on the side table.
Turn to the right and walk to the middle of the console table under the television. 
Turn around to the right and walk to the end table beside the couch. 
Turn on a lamp while holding a newspaper. 
Pick up the newspaper from the table.
Turn on the lamp that is on the in table.
Turn around and cross the room to face the table in front of the couch.
Turn left and then left again to face the small table to the right of the white chair.
Pick up a newspaper and turn a lamp on.
Turn on the light in the corner.
Inspect a newspaper by lamplight.
Pick up the newspaper on the coffee table.
Turn on the table lamp.
turn left and cross the room to the end table 
turn left and go to the end table next to the chair
pick up the newspaper and turn on the light
pick up newspaper from in front of television on brown dresser
turn on lamp on small table
Move to the night stand against the wall to the right with the newspaper on top of it
Carry the newspaper to the night stand with the lamp on top of it
Carry a newspaper while turning on a lamp
Pick up the newspaper from the cushion on the chair.
Turn on the small lamp on the table.
Turn left to face the white table.
Turn left and walk around the coffee table to the small white table to the right of the couch.
Examine a newspaper in the light of a small lamp.
Pick up the newspaper from the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp on the end table.
Walk forward to the green trash can in the right corner. Turn left and walk to the wooden table.
Turn around and walk to the green bin in the left corner. Turn right at the green bin and left in front of the stairs. Walk to the desk in the left corner.
Pick up the newspaper and turn on the lamp on the desk.
Pick up the newspaper off of the seat of the chair.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
Walk forward for two steps, then turn right and walk two steps, then turn right to face the couch.
Turn right and take one step, then turn left and take one step, then turn right and walk across the room, then turn right and walk across the room. 
Use the lamp to read the newspaper.
Pick up the newspaper to the right of the toy dog from the coffee table.
Turn on the floor lamp.
Turn around towards the coffee table.
Turn around and walk to the tall lamp in the corner.
Examine a newspaper by the light of a tall floor lamp.
Pick up the newspaper on the TV stand.
Turn on the lamp in the corner.
Move down the hall then forward to the green chair with the two newspapers on it
Carry the newspaper to the corner floor lamp on the left
Carry a newspaper while turning on a lamp
grab the newspaper off of the table there
turn the lamp on while holding the newspaper
Turn to the right and take one step, then turn to the right and walk to the couch, then turn right and take one step, then turn right to face the table. 
Turn to the left and walk across the room, then turn to the left and look up. 
Use the lamp to read the newspaper.
grab the newspaper on the chair
turn on the floor lamp
Turn left and walk up to the edge of the large TV cabinet
Turn right and walk over to the floor lamp by the windows
Examine the newspaper under the light of the floor lamp
pick up newspaper from the stand
turn on the lamp's light
Go left and then left again to stand in front of the green trash can in the corner.
Turn around and go right and then left to cross the room and turn to face the lamp in the corner.
Pick up a newspaper and turn a lamp on.
Pick the newspaper up from the chair.
Turn the lamp on.
Walk to the black loveseat.
Walk to the lamp on your right.
Examine a newspaper under the light of a lamp.
grab the newspaper off of the table
turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the table on your right.
Turn around and go around the couch to the corner.
Grab the newspaper and turn on the lamp.
Pick up the pen closest to the wall.
Turn on the lamp.
Look down and turn around and walk to the bed. Turn to the right and go towards the table next to the bed.
Raise it up turn to the right and go to the end of the table turning left to face the lamp.
Pick up a pen on the table to turn on the lamp.
Pick up the pen on the table beside the lamp
Turn on the lamp
Turn to the left, and then left again to move to the small round table.
Carry the pen and turn to the left and face the table on the left.
Hold a pen and turn the lamp on.
Turn on the lamp that;s on the round table. 
To turn on a lamp and pick up a pen. 
Pick up the pen from the counter.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around then face the desk by the trash can to your right.
Turn around and face the desk with the lamp on your left.
Turn on a lamp.
Pick up the pen from the desk
Turn on the light
Move to the right a bit to stand in front of the left side of the dresser.
Move over to face the side of the left-hand side of the dresser.
Examine a pen using the light of a lamp.
Facing the white dressing, turn on the lamp.
Turn on a lamp and pick up a pen.
pick up the pen off of the shelf that is to the right of the alarm clock
turn on the lamp
Turn right, walk to the table, turn right, walk to nightstand.
Turn around, walk to the table, turn left, and walk to the desk.
Examine a pencil under the lamp.
Pick up the pen behind the alarm clock, on the very back of the white table. 
Turn the lamp on the top of the desk on. 
Turn right and go towards the blue bed, turn left before the bed and go straight to the white table.
Turn around and go to the wooden desk behind you.
Pick up the blue pen and put it on the wooden desk.
pick up the pencil from the stand
turn the lamp on while holding the pencil
turn right, take two steps, turn left, walk to wall, turn right, walk to the small table
turn around, walk past bed, turn left, walk past bed, turn left, walk to small table in front of you
examine a pen with a lamp
pick up the pen that is on the desk
turn the lamp on
Turn to your left at the dresses with the pen on top of it.
Walk to your left towards the lamp with a green shade on the dresser.
Pick up the pen from the dresser and turn the lamp on.
Pick the pen up from the dresser.
Turn the lamp on.
Go right across the room and walk to the desk, turn right and walk to the bed, walk left toward the door, walk right toward the dresser, walk left toward the door, walk right to the dresser.
Turn left, turn right to the dresser
Get the pen and turn on the light
Pick up the blue pencil that is closest to you and closest to the fingers of the hand sculpture. 
Turn the lamp on while holding the pencil. 
Turn right and walk to the cabinet, turn left and walk to the table with a hand on it
Turn left to the floor lamp
Grab the pen from the table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the dark pen from the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and walk to the white coffee table.
Turn around and walk to the floor lamp.
Examine a pen by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the pen that is sitting on top of the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn around, walk up to the window, then turn right to face the side of the desk.
Turn right and walk across the room to the small nightstand that is next to the door.
Examine a pencil using the light of a desk lamp. 
Grab the pencil off of the nightstand
Turn the lamp that's on the table on
Walk forward to the bed and turn right towards the lamp on the desk.
Pick up the white pencil from the night stand.
Go to the left side of the desk in front of you. 
Reach over to the night stand on your left and pick up the pencil on the right edge of the night stand. 
walk to face right side of desk
walk to the left to face left side of desk
turn on desk lamp while holding pencil
Take the pencil from the top shelf of the desk.
Hold the pencil above the garbage bin.
Walk forward to the cardboard box then turn right and walk to the wall then turn left and walk to the dresser.
Take a step backwards then two steps left please so you are facing the garbage to the left of the desk.
Inspect a pencil by lamp light.
Pick up the pencil behind the pen on the desk
Put the pencil on top of the basket beside the desk
Move left then turn left again to the counter along the window ledge
Carry the pencil to your left facing the lamp on top of the desk
Carry a pencil while turning on a lamp
Pick up the pencil from the dresser.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk forward across the room to the window.
Turn around, walk forward slightly, then turn left and walk to the lamp on the desk.
Examine a pencil by the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the pencil to the left of the clear container on the desk.
Turn on the small lamp on the desk.
Hang a left at the door and walk to the wooden desk.
Turn around, take a right at the wooden shelves and walk to the small wooden table on the right.
Examine a pencil by the light of a small lamp.
pick up the pencil from the table
turn the light on
turn around and walk a little bit towards the bed and turn left and walk straight towards the shelf and turn left
turn left and walk straight then turn left again towards the bed and walk straight towards the door then turn right and walk straight towards the mirror and turn right at the table edge
pick up a pencil and view it in the light of the lamp
Pick up the pencil between the lamp and the statue, on the back of the dresser. 
Turn the lamp in front of you, on the dresser on. 
Turn left, walk to the trash bin, then turn left to face the brown shelving.
Turn left, walk a bit, then turn left again and walk over to face the far left hand side of the dresser. 
Examine a pencil by the light of a lamp.
pick up the pencil that is on the table
turn the lamp on
Turn around and then right to find the brown dresser.
Carry the pencil and turn around and then left to the large desk.
Hold a pencil and turn on the lamp.
Pick the pencil up from the desk.
Turn the lamp on.
Walk towards the bed and then turn right to stand in front of the bedside table.
Turn left and walk towards the lamp on the desk to your right.
Examine a pencil by the light of a lamp.
Turn on the lamp on the desk. 
Examine the pencil by the light of the lamp. 
Pick up pencil from up off of the desk
Use pencil to turn on the lamp on top of the desk
Move to the coffee table.
Bring the pencil to the lamp in the corner. 
Examine the pencil by the light of the lamp. 
Grab the pencil on the table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and go right, past the couch, to the coffee table.
Turn left, then right, walk past the coffee table, walk past the chair, to reach the lamp behind the chair.
View a pencil by the light of a lamp.
Grab the pencil on the coffee table
Turn on the floor lamp
Move to the wooden TV stand 
Carry the pencil to the green floor lamp sitting to the right of the sofa
Turn on a floor lamp while carrying a pencil
Pick up the yellow pencil from the front part of the bottom most shelf.
Turn on the light there with the pencil.
Turn left, walk straight then turn left then face the left side of the sofa
Turn right then head to the lamp stand 
Examine the pillow by the lamp
Pick up the striped cushion from the couch. 
Turn on the lamp that's on the table. 
turn to the left and move forward towards the window, at the window turn to the left and move forward to the left side of the sofa
turn around and move to the black table that is to the right of the fire place
examine the pillow by the light of the lamp on the black table
Pick up the pillow that is on the brown chair.
Turn on the lamp that is on the table.
Walk to the chair on your left.
Go to the table on your left.
Look at a pillow under lamp light.
Pick up the purple pillow on the white couch.
Turn on the light on the small wooden table.
Walk forward. then turn right and walk around to the front of the white couch.
Turn around and walk forward, then hang a left and walk over to the fireplace, walk over to the small wooden table in the corner of the room to your left.
Examine a purple pillow in the light of a small lamp.
Pick the purple pillow up from the couch.
Turn the lamp on the table to the right of the white chair on.
Turn right, take ten steps, turn right again and stop in front of the bed.
Turn around for 3 steps, turn right and stop in front of the dresser.
Carry a pillow over to turn on a lamp
Pick the pillow up from the bed.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn to the right and then right again before turning right to face the pillow on the bed.
Turn to the left and face the dresser with the lamp on it.
Turn on a lamp while holding a pillow.
Pick up the pillow on the bed.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left to face the bed.
Turn left, bring the pillow to the lamp on the small table next to the door.
Examine the pillow by the light of the lamp on the small table. 
Pick up the pillow on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp on the nightstand.
go forward to the bed and turn right go forward to the desk and turn left
turn to the right
Turn on the light on the desk
Pick up the green pillow on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp on the table. 
Turn right and walk forward, then hang a right and walk up to the side of the bed.
Turn around and walk towards the wall, then turn left to face the wooden dresser.
Examine a pillow in the light of a small lamp.
Pick up a striped pillow from the bed.
Turn on the lamp.
Move toward the wall with the door ont he left and turn to face the head of the bed.
Turn to the right and walk to the end of the bed, turn left and stand between the bed and desk, turn to face the wooden desk.
Move a blue pillow off a bed and turn on a desk lamp.
Pick up the blue pillow on the bed.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk forward towards the bed.
Make a right, walk forward, then hang a left to reach the desk.
Look at a blue pillow under a lit lamp.
Pick up the pillow on the bed. 
Turn on the lamp on the table.
turn around, walk to the bed
turn around, walk to the desk with the lamp on it, hold pillow up
examine a pillow with a lamp
Pick up the blue pillow from the head of the bed.
Hold the pillow and turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk towards the three black chairs and then turn right walking to the bed.
Turn around and face the night stand by the bed with the lamp on it. 
Walk across the room and pick up a pillow from the bed, lastly turning the lamp on. 
Pick up the pillow that is on the bed near the laptop. 
Turn on the lamp that sits on the small round table. 
Turn to your left and go just past the bed, then turn right and go to the head of the bed on your right. 
Turn to your left and go to the small round table. 
Turn on the bedroom lamp.
Pick up the purple cushion.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and take a tiny step forward then turn left and take a step forward then turn left and walk to the desk then turn right and walk to the bed.
Turn left to face the light on the desk.
Inspect a pillow by lamp light.
Pick up the purple pillow at the edge of the bed. 
Turn on the lamp.
Turn to the right and walk to the bed
Turn left and walk to the end of the desk in front of you; that part of the desk that is to the immediate left of the plant
Examine a pillow by the light of a lamp
Pick up the box from the far side of the bed.
Hold the box and turn on the lamp.
Turn to your left, take a step, turn right, and face the bed
Turn left and go to the table with a lamp
Take a mat from the bed and turn on the table lamp
Pick up the white pillow closest to the edge of the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the nightstand.
Move around to the right side of the bed, to the pillow on the right.
Bring the pillow around to the left side of the bed, to the lamp on the table left of the bed. 
Examine a pillow by the light of the lamp. 
Pick up the pillow that is closest to the headboard of the bed. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the nightstand. 
turn around and walk straight to the side of the bed
walk the pillow over the lamp on the nightstand
get a pillow from the bed, take it to the nightstand and turn on the lamp
Pick up the nearest pillow on the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the dresser.
Move to the bed.
Bring the pillow to the desk.
Examine the pillow by the light on the desk. 
Pick up the middle pillow off of the bed.
Turn on the small lamp that is on top of the wooden desk.
Turn around, walk to the side of the bed
Turn right, walk to the desk
Grab the green pillow, turn on the lamp
Pick up the pillow in front of you, at the head of the bed. 
Turn the lamp on the night stand on. 
turn right and walk past the bed. turn right and walk forward.  turn right at the pillows
turn right a walk past the bed. make a left and walk to the edge of the bed. turn left and walk to the lamp.
look at a pillow with the lamp light.
Pick up the pillow nearest to you on the bed.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk to the bed behind you.
Walk to the edge of the dresser.
Examine a pillow under a lamp.
Pick up the middle green pillow. 
Turn on the lamp that is sitting on the dresser
Turn right and look at the bed.
Turn around and walk to the far side of the desk.
Look at a cushion by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the round pillow on the bed.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Turn to your left and walk along the bed, to the head of the bed. 
Turn around and walk to the wall, then turn right and go to the left side of the desk. 
Turn on the desk lamp.
Pick up the red seat cushion on top of the green sofa
Turn on the lamp
Turn to your right and walk to the end of the coffee table then turn right again and continue walking to the couch. 
Turn to your right and walk to the lamp in the corner of the room, the raise the pillow in the air, close to the lamp shade. 
Use a pillow to turn the lamp in the corner on. 
pick up the red pillow that is on the couch
turn the lamp on
Turn left and cross the room towards the yellow chair.
Turn around, cross the room and hang a right at the white table to reach the tall lamp near the wall.
Examine a purple pillow by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the purple pillow that is on the seat of the blue couch.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
Go straight, then turn right, then go left to go around the coffee table, then turn to face the rightmost couch cushion. 
Turn right, then turn right to go around the table, the go straight, toward the lamp in the corner ahead.
Examine a cushion by the light of a lamp. 
Pick up the cushion from the couch.
Turn on the floor lamp.
Turn right, take a step, then turn left and walk to the little brown table
Pick up the plate that is sitting on the table.
Turn around and go right and then right again to face the coffee table.
Go around the table and to the left to stand in front of the small table with the lamp.
Turn a lamp on with keys in hand.
Pick up the black square plate to the left of the lamp
Turn on the lamp on top of the table
Move to the brown wood rack ahead on your right.
Turn right and move to the lamp in the corner.
Examine the plate under the light of the lamp.
Grab a plate on top of the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk to the table.
Walk back out the way you came in from, then turn right and walk to the floor lamp.
Examine a plate by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the plate that is closest to the cardboard box on the white table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and walk around the dining table to the other side
Turn right and walk around the dining table to the floor lamp
Grab the plate on the dining table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the plate on the coffee table, in front of the computer. 
Turn on the lamp.
walk forward to arm chair, turn right, walk forward past coffee table, turn left, turn right, walk to TV stand
walk over to the lamp in the corner to the right of the TV stand, hold plate up
examine a plate with the lamp
Pick up the plate on the table.
Turn on the lamp to examine the plate.
turn around and move to the TV
move to the right and towards the tall lamp in the corner between the TV and the chair
examine a plate by the light of the tall lamp
Pick up the remote control in between the two statues in front of the television.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn around and walk across the room to the table that is to the left of the blue sofa on your right.
Turn around, walk forward to the door, then turn left and walk across the room to the tall lamp in the corner.
Examine a remote control by the light of a floor lamp.
pick up remote control from under green pillow on sofa
turn on the floor lamp
Turn left, go to the ottoman, go around the back side of the coffee table near the wall, turn to face the remote on the coffee table.
Bring the remote to the right to the lamp in the corner, behind the chair, go around the left side of the chair to get to the lamp.
Examine a remote in the light of the tall lamp. 
Pick up the remote from the ottoman. 
Use the remote to turn on the lamp.
Turn around and go to the left to the far side of the glass coffee table.
Take the remote and go left around the furniture to the lamp beside the TV.
Turning a lamp on.
pick up the remote controller off of the top shelf on the left
turn on the lamp there
Turn left to face the desk, turn left, walk straight, turn left when you reach the doorway, walk through the doorway to the table, turn left when you reach the table, walk around the table to the remotes.
Turn right to walk around the table, turn right when you reach the doorway, walk through the doorway straight to the small table, turn right when you reach the table, walk straight to the wall, turn left when you reach the wall, walk straight to the lamp.
Turn on the lamp with remote in hand.
Pick up the remote from the table
Turn off the floor lamp
Turn to the left and walk to the side table. 
Step to the left and stand in front of the lamp.
With a remote turn on a lamp. 
pick up the remote from the chair
turn off the lamp
Walk straight to the white tv cabinet
Turn right, walk to the corner
Grab the remote on the TV cabinet, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the remote from the coffee table.
Use the remote to turn on the lamp.
Move to the shelves on the left across the room.
Head to the lamp on the right.
Use the remote on the white shelf to turn on the lamp to the left of the couch.
pick up the remote that is on the TV stand
turn the lamp on
Turn around completely, walk to the wall, then turn right and walk up to the chair. 
Turn right, walk a few steps, turn left and walk over to the floor lamp. 
Examine a remote control using the light of a floor lamp. 
Pick up the remote on the table. 
Turn on the tall lamp on the floor. 
Turn left and walk up to the couch.
Turn left and walk over to the wall, then turn right and walk up to the tall lamp in the corner of the room.
Examine a remote in the light of a tall lamp.
pick up the remote from the table
turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the right side of the television stand on the left.
Turn right, hang a right at the wall and walk to the tall lamp in the corner to the right.
Examine a remote control by the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the remote control that is closest to the blue plate on the coffee table. 
Turn on the floor lamp.
Walk towards chair, turn left, walk toward couch, turn left, face coffee table
Turn right, walk to table in the corner with the lamp
Retrieve remote from coffee table, turn on lamp in the corner.
Pick up the remote control behind the blue plate, on the back of the desk. 
Turn on the lamp in the corner. 
Walk across the room to the couch
Walk to the right of the couch in front of the lamp
Turn on the lamp with the remote control
Pick the remote up from the table.
Turn the lamp on.
Move to the arm chair next to the cat post
Move to the lamp behind you
Inspect a remote with a tall lamp.
Pick up the remote on the table beside the book
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and walk to the dresser with the TV on it.
Walk to the floor lamp on your left.
Pick up the remote control, turn on the floor lamp.
Pick up the remote sitting on top of the TV stand
Turn on the lamp
Turn right, proceed to desk, turn right, proceed to end of couch.  Turn right to face couch.
Turn right, proceed forward.  Turn left to face window.  Turn right to face lamp.
Pick up remote and turn on lamp.
Pick up the remote from the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the large wooden dining table facing the remote on top of the table
Carry the remote control to the floor lamp sitting to the right of the window 
Carry a remote while turning on the lamp
Pick up the remote from the chair.
Set the remote down.
turn around, walk forward, turn right, walk past couch, turn right to face couch
turn around, walk across the room towards lamp, hold remote up to lamp
examine a remote with a lamp
pick up the remote off of the table
turn the lamp light on
Turn around, walk to the couch behind you
Turn left, walk to the light that the on the left of the couch
Use the remote to turn the light on
Pick up the remote on top of the coffee table
Turn on the lamp
Turn around, walk into the kitchen, to the table
Turn back to the right, walk into the living room, then turn right and walk to the lamp
turn on the lamp with a remote
Pick up the remote that is directly behind the nail polish on the coffee table.
While holding the remote turn the lamp on so you can look at the remote.
Turn 180 degrees, go towards the TV
once at the fireplace, turn left, then turn right. 
Grab remote,  proceed to the light to turn it on.
Pick up the remote on the table, next to the lamp.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk over to the small side table by the dog bed
Turn right and walk over to the floor lamp in the corner by the window
Examine the remote under the light of the lamp
Pick up the remote on the couch next to the orange pillow.
Turn the tall tan floor lamp next to the couch on.
Turn left then turn right walk forward and face the sofa
Turn left then head to the lamp
Examine the remote by the light
grab the remote from the sofa chair
turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and go left to stand behind the brown chair.
Turn to the left and face the lamp with the pink base.
Turn a lamp on with a remote in hand.
Take the remote control from the chair.
Lift the remote control up and turn the lamp on.
turn left, walk across the room, turn left, walk to the small table
turn around, walk across the room to the small table behind you, hold statue up to lamp
examine a statue with a lamp
Turn on the lamp on the end table.
Turn on a lamp and grab a statue from the end table.
Turn on the small lamp on the table.
Examine a statue by the light of a small lamp.
Pick up statue from back of table, left of lamp.
Turn on lamp on corner of table.
Walk forward then turn left toward the wall then turn left facing the table
Turn left then then to the side table across the room with lamp
Examine the figurine by the light
Pick up the statue from the desk
Turn the light on
Walk forward to the bed, then turn left and walk across the room to the desk on the left of the bed.
Turn left and walk to the left side of the desk and stand to the left of the lamp.
Examine a statue by the light of a desk lamp.
Pick up the statue in the center of the desk.
Hold the statue up and turn on the lamp.
Turn around and go to the window on the left.
Turn around and walk to the lamp on the dresser on the right side.
Examine a statue by the light of a table lamp.
Take the statue off the edge of the table. 
Turn on the lamp. 
Turn around and go to the right end of the dresser.
Go to the other end of the dresser by the lamp.
Inspect the statue by lamp light. 
Pick the statue up from in front of the television.
Turn the lamp on
turn to the right and go forward to the coffee table
turn to the right and go a few steps forward and turn to the left and go to the wall and turn to the right and face the floor lamp
Examine a small statue of a man by the light of a floor lamp
Pick the statue on the left up from the stand.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn to the left, and the left again to find the table.
Carry the statue and turn around, then turn left and right to find the lamp beside the couch.
Carry a statue to turn off the lamp.
Pick up the statue on the table, to the right of the lamp.
Turn off the light of the lamp.
turn right, walk towards fireplace, turn right, walk forward, turn right after the couch, turn left, walk forward, turn left to face the kitchen table
turn around, walk towards the wall, turn right, walk towards the lamp
turn a lamp off while holding a trophy 
pick up the trophy that is on the table
turn the lamp on
turn right, turn left, turn right to walk past ottoman, turn left after ottoman, walk a few steps, turn right before piano, walk to the small table
turn right, take a couple steps, turn left to face other end of table, hold trophy up to lamp on the right
examine a trophy with a lamp
Pick up the figurine on the side table
Turn on the lamp
Turn around, go forward, turn right, move forward, then turn right to approach the table.
Turn right, go forward, turn left, go forward, then turn right to face the lamp.
Examine a figurine in lamp light.
Pick up the statue of a dog on the second shelf. 
Turn on the lamp in the corner. 
turn left and head to the table
turn left to the lamp stand
turn on the lamp while holding the toy
Pick up the sculpture of a hand
Turn on the lamp
Turn right and walk over to the wall, then turn right and walk across the room to the coffee table.
Turn right and walk towards the wall, then hang a left and walk over to the tall lamp in the corner of the room.
Examine a golden statue in the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the statue from the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn and walk past the coffee table, hanging a right once you pass it, and walk up to the white stand that is to the left of the television. 
Turn to your right and walk, hang a right just before you reach the dining table, then walk up to the floor lamp. 
Inspect a figurine using the light of a lamp. 
Pick up the statue from the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk around to the far end of the table.
Turn left and move around the table to the living room, then turn right and face the lounge chair closest to the TV.
Turn on the lamp to the left of the lounge chair to inspect the dog statue.
pick up the grey sausage like sculpture from the table
turn on the floor lamp
Turn around and walk towards the door, then hang a left and walk around the partition into the other room, continue to the small table to the right of the couch.
Turn right and walk forward, then turn right and walk over to the tall lamp in the corner of the room.
Examine a statue in the light of a tall lamp.
Pick up the award on the cabinet.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and head to the entrance to the other room then turn right and face the side of the dresser
turn around then head across the room to your left, walk to the right hand black stand then turn right and walk to the window then turn left and face the tall floor lamp
Examine a statue under a tall lamp
Pick up the trophy that is on the right
Turn on the lamp
Walk to the coffee table on the statue's side.
Walk to the tall lamp to the left of the black sofa.
Examine a statue under a lamp's light.
Pick up the closest bronze statue off of the coffee table.
Turn on the light of the tall lamp.
Turn left and face the white table on your right.
Turn right and face the lamp to your right.
Turn on the lamp.
Pick up the tennis racket from the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
Move over to your right where the tennis racket is leaning up against the desk.
Turn left, walk forward a few steps, then turn left again to face the nightstand. 
Examine a tennis racket under the light of a lamp.
Retrieve the tennis racket that is leaning up against the desk.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn right and walk over to the tennis racket in the corner by the wooden shelf
Turn around and walk across the room to the table lamp on the desk
Examine the tennis racket under the light of the table lamp
Pick up tennis racket from floor.
Turn on lamp on desk to the right while holding the tennis racket.
Turn around and go straight back to the basket.
Carry the racket, turn around and locate the desk.
Find the racket and turn on the lamp.
Pick up the tennis racket off of the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
Move to the brown side table to the left of the sofa
Carry the tennis racket to the small wood table with the lamp sitting on top of it
Carry a tennis racket while turning on a lamp
Pick up the racket from the floor. 
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Turn right and move forward. Turn left and move forward towards tennis racket.
Turn right and move forward till frame. Turn right and move forward towards desk.
Grab a tennis racket between beds, turn on the lamp.
Grab the bat on the floor
Turn on the lamp on the table
Turn left and turn right, walk to the side of the bed
Turn right, walk to the side of the dresser
Pick up the tennis bat on the floor, turn on the lamp on the dresser
Pick up the tennis racket from the ground near the bed
Turn on the table lamp on the dresser
Walk forward to the tennis racket on the floor. 
Turn around and walk across the room, then turn right and walk across the room to the desk.
To see the racket in the light.
Pick the racket up from the ground.
Turn the lamp on.
Turn around and walk to the bedroom door, hang a left and walk towards the tennis racket. 
Turn around and walk towards the green trash can, hang a right at the trash can and walk to the desk.
Pick up a tennis racket, turn on the lamp on the desk
Pick up the tissue box on the table. 
Turn on the lamp on the table.
Turn around and go past the chair then turn right and go to the wall then turn left and go to the table
Turn around then turn left then right and go to the end table in the corner
Hold the tissue box near the lighted lamp on the end table
Pick up the box of tissues on the back, right corner of the shelf. 
Turn on the lamp that is on the end table, to the left of the couch.
Move to the white table.
Bring the tissue box to the lamp on the table next to the couch.
Examine the tissue box in the light of the lamp. 
Pick up the tissue box.
Turn on the light.
Move forward to the right side of the tall white dresser.
Bring the tissue box to the lamp on the left side of the dresser.
Examine the tissue box in the light of the lamp on the dresser. 
open the top drawer on the right, take out the tissue box, close the drawer
turn on the lamp
Turn around, head straight to the white desk
Turn around, head to the white cabinet
Take the box of tissues from the shelf, turn on the lamp
Turn on the lamp sitting on top of the desk
Turn on a desk lamp, pick up a box of tissues
Pick up the box of tissues on the night stand.
Turn on the lamp on the desk.
Move to the left side of the desk.
Pick up the box of tissues.
Turn to the left and walk past the coffee table, then turn to the left and walk to the middle of the coffee table before turning left to face it. 
Turn to the left and walk across the room, then turn left and walk to the lamp. 
To look at the tissue in the light. 
pick up the box of tissues on the desk
turn on the green lamp while holding the box of tissues
Turn to the right, then walk to the couch, then turn right and walk halfway across the room then turn right to face the coffee table. 
Turn to the left and walk to the table across the room, then turn left and walk to the lamp. 
To look at the box of tissue in the light. 
Pick up the box of tissues near the end of the white desk.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Walk across the room and then turn to the right to walk to the wall, then turn right and face the table. 
Turn to the right and walk across the room, then turn left and walk across the room before turning to the right to face the lamp. 
To see the tissue box in the lamp light. 
Pick up the tissue box on the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk straight, turn left to the white vase on the tv cabinet
Turn right and walk to the corner with end table
Grab the white vase on TV cabinet, turn on the lamp on the end table
Pick up the vase from the stand. 
Turn the light on on the table. 
Turn around and face the yellow vase on the shelf. 
Turn right and bring the vase over to the lamp on the table.
Examine the yellow vase by the light of the lamp on the table. 
Pick up the yellow cover on the table
Turn on the lamp on the table
turn left, walk around the coffee table to the other side
turn left, walk around the chairs to the corner of the room 
grab the yellow bottle on the coffee table, turn on the light behind the TV
Pick up the vase on the table. 
Turn on the tall lamp on the ground. 
Move to the large kitchen dining table by the statue 
Carry the vase to the large floor lamp to the right of the side table
Carry a vase while turning on a lamp
Pick up the blue vase from the table.
Turn on the lamp.
Walk to the end table by the sofa to the right.
Walk to the floor lamp on the opposite side of the sofa.
Examine a blue vase by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the blue vase from the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
Go to the desk behind you.
Go to the lamp behind you.
View a vase by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the glass bowl on the coffee table closest to the television.
Turn on the floor lamp in between the couch and the door.
Move to the window, turn around and face the long white table.
Bring the bowl to the tall lamp next to the door. 
Examine the bowl in the light of the tall lamp. 
Pick up the small, top part of the vase from the dining table.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn left and walk to the table in the middle of the room.
Turn around and face the couch chairs so that the lamp is on the left.
Turn on the lamp while holding the blue candle holder.
Pick up the blue switch from the coffee table
Use the switch to turn on the corner lamp.
Turn right and go straight toward the table, then turn right behind the red chair, then go straight and turn right near the lamp.
Turn around, go left, turn left at the red chair, then turn right to face the table with the plant on it.
View a watch by lamp light. 
grab the watch off of the dining room table
turn on the lamp on top of the black desk
Go straight, turn right, then turn left to reach the table with the lamp on it.
Pick up the watch on the table, to the right of the lamp.
Take a step left and then walk ahead to the desk.
Turn right and walk to the dresser at the foot of the bed.
Look at a watch by the light of a lamp.
Open the bottom right drawer to remove the watch, then close the drawer
Turn on the lamp
Walk over to the lamp.
Head back to the lamp.
Grab a watch and turn a lamp on.
Grab the watch off of the table
Turn the lamp light on
Walk straight to the wall, turn right to the table
Turn around and walk across the room to the floor lamp in the corner
Grab the watch on the table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the watch from the TV stand.
Hold the watch up and turn on the lamp.
turn right, walk to chair, turn right, walk forward, turn left after couch, walk forward to the wall, turn right to face the table
turn around, take a step, turn left, walk across the room to the wall, turn right, walk across room to the lamp
examine the watch with the lamp
Pick up the watch on the table.
Turn on the tall lamp in the corner.
Go to the right and then left and then turn right to face the black table with the plant.
Turn around and cross the room and then turn to the right to face the lamp in the corner.
Pick up a watch and turn a lamp on.
Pick up the watch that is closest to you. 
Turn off the lamp that is in front of you.
Walk forward, then hang a left and walk over to the small black table in between the couch and yellow chair.
Turn left and walk up to the wall, then turn right to face the tall lamp.
Turn off a lamp while holding a watch.
Pick up the watch from the small stand in front of you.
Turn off the lamp.
Turn around, walk to the table with plant
Turn around, and turn around, facing the floor lamp
Grab the watch from the table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the watch from the coffee table.
Turn on the lamp.
turn left and cross the room to the grey chair, then turn right, and go forward until you are near the middle of the coffee table. Stop and face the table
turn right and cross the room to the bureau, then turn right and cross the room to the floor lamp. Stop and face the lamp.
Look at the watch by the light of the floor lamp
take the ring sitting on top of the dresser by the t.v.
turn on the lamp 
Turn around and walk forward to the watch on the dresser.
Turn right and walk to the floor lamp in the corner to the left of the sofa.
Examine a watch by the light of a floor lamp.
Pick up the watch from the table with a lamp on it.
With the watch turn on the lamp.
Turn around to face the pink chair.
Carry the watch to stand in front of the lamp in the corner, which is to your left.
Examine a watch by the light from a lamp.
Take the watch from the pink arm chair
Turn on the lamp
Turn right and walk to the red chair on the left.
Walk to the lamp to the left of the red chair.
Pick up the watch and turn on the lamp
Grab the watch on the coffee table
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn right and turn left to the coffee table
Turn around, walk to the floor lamp
Grab the watch from coffee table, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the watch that's in front of you
Turn on the lamp
Turn around and go to the end of the dresser, on your right. 
Turn to your left and go past the dresser, to the lamp in the left corner of the living room, across from you. 
Turn on the living room lamp. 
Pick up the watch from the top of the white shelf
Turn on the lamp
Bend down and look at the white end table.
Turn around for one step, turn right and walk to the window and turn right and walk to the standing lamp and hold up the watch to the lampshade.
Turn on a lamp while holding a watch.
Pick up the watch behind the TV on top of the TV stand
Turn on the floor lamp
Turn left, go forward, then turn left to look at the coffee table.
Turn left, go forward, then turn left to face the lamp.
Look at a watch in the light of the lamp.
pick up the watch from the coffee table
turn on the floor lamp
Go left and the right to face the plant on the ground in front of the window.
Turn around and go forward and then left towards the lamp in the corner.
Turn a lamp on with a pitcher in hand.
Pick up the white watering can on the ground to the left of the plant.
Turn on the light of the small lamp on the small white table in front of you.
Turn right, go straight, turn right, go forward, then turn left to approach the window.
Turn left, go forward, turn left, walk to the wall, then turn left to approach the lamp.
Look at a watering can in lamp light.
Pick up the watering can from the floor.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn around and walk to the left side of the fireplace.
Turn around and walk straight to the circular table.
Look at a pitcher by the light of a lamp.
Pick up the pot from the floor just left of the fireplace
Turn on the lamp on the table
Turn around and head toward the back wall then turn right. 
Turn to your left and head toward the pet bed on the floor then turn toward the table to your right.
Turn on the lamp while holding a teapot. 
Grab the tea pot on the floor
Turn on the lamp
Turn right, walk to the TV shelf
Turn left, and turn left, walk to the corner with a floor lamp
Grab the white water can in the tv shelf, turn on the floor lamp
Pick up the watering can from the bottom shelf.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn around and walk to the wall turn left and walk until you are even with the couch along the wall to your right and walk over to it then adjust yourself so you are facing the space to the left of the couch with a small table.
Turn right and walk over to the tv then turn right and walk to the chair then adjust yourself so you are facing the space to the left of the chair with a light and face the light.
Turn on a light as you hold a watering can.
Pick up the watering can on the ground to the left of the table with a plant on it.
Turn on the tall lamp.
Turn around, go around the table, go in the living room, walk to the corner with a end table
Turn around, walk to the other corner with a floor lamp
Grab the pot on the floor, turn on the floor lamp
